welcome everyone to episode what I
believe to be 11 hopefully it's 11
unless I'm very embarrassed right now
hotline League we're here and it's great
and you're here and that's also great
I'm joined right now start over I just
put my glasses on I'm joined right now
by my colleague Mark Zimmerman co-host
of the show and we will be joined in a
little bit by - of the NA LCS analyst
desk but we have a little little stuff
stuff to talk about first before we can
grab them and bring them in either way
how's your week been mark it's been
interesting had some figure out some
stuff for the offline TV house just like
what we're doing with content and stuff
because they've been doing a lot of IRL
streams which are doing very well and
then people are cutting up highlights
and putting them on YouTube which is
also doing well but it wasn't something
that was initially something we would
want on our YouTube channel so we had to
figure out exactly what we wanted to
deal with the content reach a resolution
and all that jazz that's exciting
not really it's really thrilling content
here on how I League this is what
however people people I always title the
video something like TSM is the worst
team ever so then people click it and
they're like oh this is engaging and
then they're gonna get mark tracking on
offline politics and I now regret asking
you that question either way thank you
mark for asking me my week has been
great there's been it's it's Tuesday
normally to do this show on a Monday but
the scheduling conflict pushed it to
here hey chaps how do you feel about a
Riot Games not publishing or telling us
where the the finals are yet yes I'm
glad you asked me mark yeah there you go
well we'll dive into that topic in just
a second but for those that have not
watched the show before the way this
works is we take live Collins from the
different folks that are watching the
show then later on you might watch it on
YouTube you might watch it on podcast we
people always ask me when and where this
is my twitch channel at the sotl Travis
twitch channel might change it to Travis
get from the future
we usually do it Mondays at 8:00 this
time it's Tuesdays at 8:00 if you check
out my Twitter on Mondays well I'll
usually give you guys updates on Lynn
it's scheduling her for rescheduling or
yes yes Pacific Pacific
because if you guys don't notice this
all legal edge and stuff is specific for
North America and mark do you want to
talk about how the discord stuff works
I'll save it until after we talk with
James a little bit all right cuz I told
James if he wants to think of something
to ask the fans he can kind of prompt us
if he if he is okay
well either way we'll get to this court
instructions a little bit but if you're
really eager that's there's the link in
the twitch chat and people will spam
them show the instructions there but
before we we bring - John who will be on
in about 10 minutes or so maybe five
wanted to talk a little bit about a
couple things one is a little bit of
frustration mark did you have a chance
to watch or maybe you just saw the
headline for my video about the there's
no announcement yet on where spring
finals is going to be didn't watch it I
saw that there was a date I saw you
tweeting about it a couple times and I
know that you have been talking to me
about this since starting the season
where is it I just I just wish that
right would communicate about this stuff
and and I don't know maybe this is
probably not the show to take too many
calls on it since - won't be able to
speak to it too much I'd rather have
people asking questions about the
analyst desk and how he would does stuff
and all that but I really would like to
see an answer there and don't know if
you have an opinion on it oh yeah
there's this big room full of where it's
gonna be at riot and they just they're
talking about how great it's all gonna
be and I just walked past everyday with
my insider knowledge that I just love
someone so no I just wanted me at all
you can get me an answer I'm just
curious yeah hadn't stance on this I
mean I I understand we're especially
media and people who are like third
party but still need to know because
teams will mostly be accommodated but
like maybe you're the family of a team
and you would like to know I'm playing a
trip and it's very hard to do that it's
not just media members that this
inconvenience is so I do agree largely
that this should be sorted out much
faster yeah I learn that any any
interesting stuff from this week that
actually let me ask you this yeah
there obviously it's not like they
haven't started planning for this right
like they they must in there I don't
list
I would hope so let's work with the
assumption that they haven't nailed the
place down yet else I'm sure they would
have announced it would you enjoy if or
prefer if they were like hey we're
looking at Texas Quebec some other
fuckin place and they gave you three
three places to start planning around
you know I don't think that I think my
frustration is like if they do not have
it nailed down yet then I understand why
they can't announce it I think for me I
would like to see I think the problem
then is that why don't they have it
nailed down yet just because we've been
doing LCS for so many years that we
should be at a place now where this
should already be resolved so if it's
not resolved yet see this is why I see
no reason why this hasn't been announced
yet because if they do know where it is
and they're just not communicating it
that's really frustrating if they don't
know where it's gonna be yet that is
really problematic because I think that
just it just illustrates that there's
not enough planning ahead yet and while
I was willing to excuse that in the
beginning of Lee Legends competitive
history it's a lot harder to excuse now
does that make sense yes yeah it's kind
of my take there either way you want to
talk about yeah I'm just trying to think
if there's anything else we should we
should chat about before we get - on
anything that you want to say that you
don't want him to hear because surely
he's not watching us right now no I
doubt it
you wanna trash home no I don't like his
beard okay oh really
okay we'll talk about that well it just
it irritates when when you kiss cool
well we're going to talk about that in
just a second as we pull - another call
for everyone who is hang on one second
mark me hey I'm just transitioning back
to a holding screen for everyone who
want where we're grabbing him and you'll
have to add them to the Skype call yeah
tell me am i good to do that yeah all
right there you go so I'm gonna type
instructions in the
we're now on a different Skype window I
see who James has the fancy lighting he
does have the fancy lighting did he buy
it just for this that's the question I
doubt it
we need hate in the discord cult over hi
hi - yeah because I'm meeting myself on
skype you you are so ahead of the game
here do you guys like my lights - yes
yeah yeah for the show I made it work we
could talk about it on the show yeah
yeah I'll be in an office or some shit
or you don't remember a sale and I was
like no fucking way let me guess you put
like two monitors of different colors on
your face
yep I have I have a laptop on one side
in my second monitor both have different
cup that it's a YouTube video that has
changing colors so it'll change I just
turn those on I was like you know
there's no fucking way I'm gonna show I
also which that's gonna see this in a
second thing I'll be very excited I'm
sure Oh perfect I'm gonna say you need
the shades yeah listen
come on dude I'm gonna eat I mean mark
I'm the host right one person who's
gonna come prepared for for something
it's gonna be me yeah it's gonna be me
Travis you want to take the night off we
have a real host here yeah exactly
that's what I'm noticing hold and I
gotta pull what's the I to pull twitch
chat up so I have that yes yes don't be
careful with those guys they'll
discourage you and tear you down you
know James is very delicate
I actually really like it I'm impressed
you were able to do that without
spending all the money on the bass yeah
well I mean it's not as elegant a
solution as yours but it works for 25
seconds of thought yeah in my bedroom
very good well welcome to the show -
officially you are our second right
personality to be on hot line League but
the definitely the one with the best
lighting so far so I'm excited about
excited about that
so you let's really quickly everybody
knows you as the the guy at the desk who
are you outside of the desk you know
people want to get to know James
Patterson not just - god I don't know
I'm not that interesting a person all
right
it's fairness I'm gonna think these guys
slap only because it's impossible to see
in my shot we can take these off perfect
so who am i outside of the LCS I mean my
life has really revolved around three
things I would say in terms of like
passions grow since growing up which
would be running acting and video games
two of those things I still get to do
one of one of them unfortunately as of
last year I can't really do so much that
would be running but so much of my life
and my focus has been around those three
things the people I associate with and
and what I do even as hobbies typically
revolve around those three things so I
don't know I don't know if I'm that
interested I'm not a well-versed person
maybe well it's hard I don't know if
anybody in eSports is well versed that's
a secret
oh yeah you can't because especially in
the infancy of a sport those or and
anything really not even a sport let's
not isolate it to a sport in the infancy
of any product or any new field it's
those who've put in the hours who rise
to the top you know those are the ones
who quick who quickest display an expert
level of knowledge or ability in certain
areas and so yeah it kind of makes sense
that you know eight years ten years and
however many years into over eight
season of LCS you know that that you
know certain people are where they are
yeah yeah it's it's an interesting
situation I mean I think for me it's
like it's funny because not only do you
all spend so much time actually working
and building content and doing all this
stuff for this but outside of it most of
us are just hanging out with each other
you know it's like I have a Monday off
and I'll go get food with mark you know
instead of right doing something outside
of eSports it's like I continue to hang
out with everybody in the scene so it's
an interesting situation I I wanted to
get your tape before we open it up to
callers on because I like to have
discussions a little bit with the guests
so that it gets the callers to start
coming up with ideas on stuff they want
to talk about but you know we've talked
a little bit in the pass
two weeks with mark about changes to the
analysts desk and I think the desk is
probably changing the most since you
first arrived on it this year
I just want to finally take on what you
thought of the changes so far and how
it's coming along and sort of your take
on all that stuff okay
I mean obviously this could we could
make this as in-depth as we want and I
hope we do that's what I would actually
want to encourage viewers let's talk
about the analysts test let's talk about
what you guys want from it your
expectations
you know feedback you know as we've
initially made some changes but I guess
what I'll start with is like broad
strokes I'm crazy excited for what we
intend to do you know what we we want to
do for the year of course execution to
be to be determined but yeah as you
mentioned Travis like this is this is
legitimately the within even the first
two weeks of the Naas yes the greatest
transition that the analyst desk has
ever you know undertaken since I've I've
come to riot and that's largely due to
prioritization of other things which is
entirely fair you have to have a working
League and I'd rather that I'd rather
the games be you know good and 100%
watchable and enjoyable before the post
game or the pregame for the game is a
hundred percent watchable and enjoyable
and so I think that the prioritization
in terms of leveling up to some degree
when it comes to the broadcast has been
correct over the years and hey now it's
the analyst that's turn we find the
state farm analyst tester and we finally
have the resources and the time and some
stability in the league that we can say
hey let's focus on now the presentation
of the narrative let's focus on the
content you know outside of the game the
LCS game itself yeah and obviously you
you guys were looking at a lot of
different ideas and sort of
experimenting during the break to sort
of figure out how you wanted to change
all this stuff right and when none of
those ideas came to fruition we settled
on fine mark can come back yes yes mark
can come back but the the big question I
want to ask you may be the biggest
changes I've noticed in the tone of the
desk is that you have facial hair now
and so I'm just kind of here
about how that came about that way I
mean look I campaigned for it for months
no it was a big concern about child
labor laws it was like everyone thinks
for hiring like a 16 year old like yeah
whatever so no I you know I'm one of
those people that I don't I mean now
that I have a beard I you know be weird
to say I've been one of those people
that could never grow a beard no matter
how hard I tried or how many weeks I put
into it it just never came in fully and
so I've always been more comfortable
clean-shaven this year it just kind of
worked out that with them you know
following all-stars until the start of
the season I was like alright I've got
like six or seven solid weeks here where
if I'm okay with looking terrible for
those seven weeks like I might look
decent at the end of those seven weeks
so I went for it I went for it
it was it was due to took the most
willpower of almost anything I've ever
done in my life to not shave it off my
face after like week three when I you
know when I was disgusted by at my cell
either super almond mine first came in I
just thought I couldn't grow without it
looking super white trash
you know you get comes in and some
patches and it's not full and and Peter
was actually encouraging me to shave it
dramatically saying things that I
probably won't repeat on the show but
they were not flattering yeah and now
finally finally it's there so I will say
I went to a barber like I went to an
actual barber and had him teach me you
know where the lines of my beard should
be so like again up to the up to like a
couple weeks ago I was a total beard
noob I had no idea what I was doing so I
walked and I was like just school me on
it dude like cut it for me so I can see
it on my face teach me how to groom it
all that kind of stuff how often should
I be you know doing certain things and
and how should I style it I would
suggest that to anyone who wants to grow
beard do they do straight razor for you
or anything yeah yeah it's a second no
no no no no I'm terrified kill myself
but it's a say only second time I've
ever got a straight razor shave and it
is it's insane how much closer they get
but also like kind of how much of
rush you feel when somebody's that you
know that close to tears left so I at
worlds in 2015 I went to a barber shop
in London and had them trim this up and
give me a haircut and one of the
interesting things I don't know if very
many people have ever had this they
burned off my ear hair they lit a little
piece of paper on fire and then would
like hit the the push the fire in the
direction of the ear so that just a
little hairs that are on your ear are
burned off it was a very interesting I'm
sure the majority of the viewers will
not have ever heard of that but it was
it was interesting for sure you know I
don't think I'd ever let any flame
anywhere near my face ever
what about flame from the NA LCS
different story made all right well I'm
trying to think if there's anything else
before we we open it up to callers I
mean I guess the last thing is how do
you feel about the you know we're two
weeks into the LCS what has been
surprising you in the league and how do
you feel about all the new teams and
brands and what's got you excited uh I
mean it you what's got me the most
excited is that no one knows what the
hell is happening right in a sense we're
again all preseason power rankings have
been entirely flipped on their head and
that really excites me but I'd say like
echo fox obviously is I think again I
can test you're crazy if you thought
that be first place at the end you know
for know end of week two it's okay if
you're a fan it's okay if you thought
there would be decent by the end of the
split but no way in hell you were
legitimately arguing that they'd be
first place undefeated only undefeated
team in the NSS but they've been crazy
fun to watch and I said on the broadcast
like right at the end of the day on
Sunday but one of the things I love
about that squad is that they're using
this whole negative stigma that's been
built up around them as this unifying
element and and I think like it's as
simple an idea as it is it's incredibly
intelligent and it's
think that team should look to do more
often it's like understand their brand
play to it if you're the toxic team that
keeps crushing people if you're the
toxic team that's you know like waiting
for the blow up it's like play into that
brand a little bit but also let it unify
you and push forward and I think echo
fox is doing that brilliantly right now
the question is again is it sustainable
yeah but I'm very excited for that squad
I'm actually I'm actually I think I'm
surprised like everyone else about TSM
in terms of the one in three score line
um not that I expected them to be hot
read out the gates and I actually am on
the on the side of like I encourage
people to give them time I think it's
okay to criticize them in the context of
the NA LCS because the strengths of
those players individually should be
able to win any LCS games hands down but
I think people are extrapolating certain
arguments from two weeks of the LCS two
worlds and MSI and international
implications right now which is just
it's just a little it's a little too far
how much how much should are you and
Mark giving jet behind the scenes
because he he came out so strong about
CLG who are in a pretty tough situation
to mark get in on this I mean like I
wouldn't say we're giving him too much
shit because no one had them I'm pretty
sure I didn't see anyone who had them in
the lower half of the league
monix like the professional analysts so
I don't think any of us can be like haha
yeah you're so stupid how did you get
this so wrong when it's like I had them
third right it's a little hard to go in
on him but we do mr. on them cuz he's
not willing to like bet against them yet
where's like I am I'm off that train
even the broadcast to be fares ragged I
don't know if you guys again if you
stick around to the very end I would
encourage everyone even if you don't
watch the analyst desk go all out watch
the rollouts at the end of the day man
sometimes our editors put in the
funniest shit you will ever see in your
lives and like so the week this week
Chad said something like I will pick CLG
I think like regardless every day until
week four and so they took that clip and
they started the rollout with that and
then immediately hard cut to see
she getting aced this is so goddamn
funny but like yet like everyone kind of
gives them a hard time but to Mark's
point it I thought they'd be at least a
top four team you know right off the top
so it's hard to like go totally in on
him when I can't even really defend
where they are right now you know yeah
yeah I mean I think it's just like how
long is he gonna stay on that ship
because after week one I was like
alright fuck CLG echo fox are my new
dudes as soon as I saw that and like we
two worked out pretty well with that
mentality we'll see how long it takes
jet to fuck us going to an Fox coin is
known and my de Fox going yeah
alright so mark do you want to give just
a quick breakdown of if people want to
call in how they go about doing that
yeah so if it is your dream to talk to -
here is your chance to in the twitch
chat right now I'm spamming the discord
link what you're gonna want to do is
join in there when you get it up you
will need to join one of the voice
channels general or general - so I can
pull you into the waiting room and the
way that I decide to pull you into the
waiting room is there our text channels
so in the general channel for text
you're gonna want to type out your
question if I see it I like it I will
drag you into the waiting room from the
voice Channel and then you just gotta
wait your turn to show up on air yeah so
a pretty simple process we already have
a lot of people in the waiting room
there are a lot of Mars desk questions
if you are a subscriber you there's a
special subscriber channel that mark and
I checked as well so it's not a
guaranteed situation all but you do have
a bit of a better chance of getting your
your topic picked assuming that you're
putting something in there that's
interesting and also just know that it
takes a little bit for the subscriber
thing to sync with discord so you know
you can you can talk to any the discord
mods on if they're around try to see if
they can help you out with that but with
that being said mark you want to go grab
somebody well I yeah absolutely
I go ahead and read out some subs so hey
thank you to krill the King Lawler scorp
eighties who says two months of spamming
sotl mark Z and twitch at Matt Jim Moore
catfish burgler pause not fin Ron
Jenkins my boyfriend Ron Jenkins who
streams total war on Twitch it's so Jay
and it looks like we are on air right
now with the King Lawler who I just I
just said his name out on the subscriber
thank you so much King Lawler for
subbing where you come from I am calling
from Athens Ohio Ohio how its we're
experiencing heat wave here in
California how's Ohio
it's very cold my room specifically is
super cold okay just your room not even
though yeah yeah there's like 85 degrees
today yeah I had AC on I needed to go
sweating ridiculous anyway sorry so King
Lawler what did you want to talk about
well I had like four topics but I just
wanted to focus on the analyst s for now
since Dash is on yeah wait we have more
shows in the future for your other
topics yeah sure
so the analyst desk for me is still a
skip I watch everything on vaad and I
watched the interview sometimes I'll
watch a tiny bit of the analyst test but
usually not very much
and I think there is some for me I don't
like the new like predicting the wind
conditions before the champ select
starts okay I don't think it makes any
sense to try to predict like how it
seems gonna win without knowing what
champions they have it seems I don't
know I I just don't think it gives me
much analytical value really usually
it's just like this team needs to stone
ball really hard or something I don't
know I never think it's that great and
then after the game I I agree that you
guys have moved away from just recapping
teamfights I never like that at all
but I still think it's like very
surfacey everything's really on the
surface what I would like to see more of
is like decisions that were made in the
game macro wise such as a player could
have pushed out a lane when they didn't
push out of lane and that led to such
and such happening and XYZ cuz in my
opinion the game of League of Legends is
a lot about losing small tempos
everywhere and I think the best way to
analyze is by looking at small tempos
that are lost and I'm sure that the
analysts see them and could share more
information with us I
of that you asked his question -
immediately put on his glasses and it's
obviously taking notes he's like okay so
serious get ready before James goes I
might try hard and like everything yeah
you can't you can't it's tough but
before James goes trihard I will say
the macro point is when I absolutely
agree with and I've been pushing to try
and get like a like a mini map that we
can use more stuff with it's just
actually hard to get one that is what we
want it to be so like I think with that
point we're working on that yeah okay I
remember marks always wanted to do macro
stuff even from Yahoo he wanted to do
kind of like let's look at how like the
domino effect of one moment in the game
like sort of changed everything so yeah
okay so I'm gonna echo what Mark just
said and I'll also just kind of make
this also another blanket statement for
this episode is that again this year we
have a ton of plans and it's a ton of
ideas for the analyst desk of those
ideas take time to integrate so what
you're seeing here in week two is just
one little bit the one few you know
small sampling of things to do
throughout the year and and for future
years and so that doesn't mean that
don't give us feedback or criticism on
the segments that exist or give us a
segment ideas please do those things but
new do know that like more is to come
and a lot of it we can get into like why
there are blockers for things but in a
lot of cases we are at the mercy of what
is technically like available to us in
other words what graphics do we have
yeah dude do we have someone who can
physically pull that replay right now no
they're busy okay we can't do that then
you know or whatever and so sometimes
things just happen to fall through the
cracks and that's the case but to your
few points don't like predicting win
conditions why I want to ask why first I
want to understand a little bit more
about why other than other than the fact
you said it seems like the answer is
typically snowball I just think that
well that's not yeah but I just think
that the the analysts don't
they have enough information without
seizing the draft and in fact I think
maybe a possible solution is I don't
know why you guys organize the broadcast
this way but maybe the analyst deck
should be through the draft so that the
story that you're hearing before the
game is consistent through the draft
phase because I think that's where
really the analyst test would shine yep
which I'll be honest in some cases we
have considered doing and I can tell you
the EU broadcast has I know has done
that oh really
yeah I know they've done the champ
select from analyst desk in the past I
don't I can't think of example games off
the top of my head but I would be
curious if you would go back and look at
some and then tell me if you like how
they do it because you might end up
seeing it and saying never mind a ticket
back that's not my own comment on the UL
so yes doing that but when it comes to
predictions I want to draw an analogy or
a comparison to traditional sports which
is if I'm on an NFL desk and Mark is my
analyst I say mark give me the wind
conditions for the Patriots and mark
says ok I think that they need to play a
pass heavy game right
but with short increments so you're
looking for your tight ends most likely
running short you know 5 to 15 yard
routes because ex defense is weak in
that area blah blah that's an overall
strategical point and that's fair but
what I wouldn't expect mark to do right
is I wouldn't expect him to come in and
say what they should do is on play 1
they should pass on play 2 they should
run on play 3 they should pass again and
on play four they should throw you know
run a slant route this thing because as
you mentioned he doesn't have all of the
data or information to make an informed
prediction for an in for a game when it
comes to circumstances like that
same thing with league when we're asking
for predictions we're asking for
strategical information we're asking for
macro level larger picture stuff which
is how should they focus the draft who
should they put resources into who is
their main carry or what is the weakness
or strength of this team when it comes
to the way they play the game are they a
team fighting team are they a 1 3 1 team
do they excel by controlling vision and
invading the jungle and starving people
in CS in a similar way
that I would again I would approach that
NFL game saying that okay they have a
really good running defense maybe I
would focus on passing here but their
secondaries great so let's go for that
tight end five to 15 range he's not
calling individual plays he's not saying
oh now that I see the way the defense's
formations I'm gonna predict differently
I agree with you
yeah that you can't do that but
understand the predictions are
predictions for the best way the analyst
thinks this team can win this particular
game and the strategy they should be
taking into it the post game that's
where we could discuss did they even one
try the same wind conditions and if they
didn't what were what did they try did
it work and let's talk about that I
serious in and that totally makes sense
but I think the difference is in a
traditional sport
I know exactly what weapons each team
has offensively and defensively so I can
predict things I can take all the
matchups I almost can play out the game
in my head in some in some respect but
if you say I think this team really
needs to 131 against whatever TSM and
then they pick a comp that's purely team
fighting it's like all of the analysis
for that is totally useless in this game
because they didn't pick okay but I'll
contest that is it useless because if
they go a different direction than we
just should discuss why why did they go
a different direction than what we
should have expected right that should
inform how we look at this team from now
and if we think that CLG should be top
lane focus put all of their resources
into darshan because let's be honest
he's the only performing member right
now next to like maybe who he but
instead they come into the game and they
put darshan on maokai and they put you
know they put sticks a on on Calista
every game well the team is telling us
something different they're telling us
they think the best way to win is to
play through the bot lane if that's the
case then now let's reframe the
discussion but these are inputs it's
their data points and I still don't
think it's wrong to assess something in
one instance in the pregame and then say
hey we have new data which is the game
in which they played which is the draft
in which they drafted why
they disagree with you mark can you
justify why they went against your wing
conditions and maybe he goes well now
that I've seen the game here I'll tell
you why it worked at hey they came up
with something really smart here I got a
credit 6 for this draft and knowing that
they would focus here if you pinch this
champion pool blah blah blah blah blah
blah blah but but as a as a viewer I
would contest don't you think that
that's more interesting than you being
able to play out all the scenarios in
your own head and then make the analyst
test moot the other thing I throw in is
if you look empirically at like what
we've said and what has happened in the
games I feel like generally speaking
Japanese
chat was like snowball topside get it
get a strong matchup and they get
Vladimir into GP and things are going
great and then my wind condition was doc
needs to play really well and shit I'm
like young and it took a little bit of
time to come online but then the whole
second half of the game was about Doc's
and engages so I would say maybe the
exact methodology of the wing condition
is is very hard to predict but the
general plot points are there and to
your point III don't I agree that I
don't think again the desk should ever
fall into a pattern that is one of the
things we're trying to break this year
is the idea of a pattern so if you don't
like the wing condition segment fine uh
hopefully you're not gonna have to watch
it that often right ideally I think
we've done it either once or twice a day
Matt twice max I think in a lot of kids
in a couple days and wounded at once
alright our hope is that we can start
attacking games and analysis from from
enough angles that we can satisfy all
viewers the reality of it is we won't we
never will
that's always the case but in your mind
okay let's say wind conditions remains
and and we do it before champions life
is there any way that that segment could
evolve that you would enjoy watching it
[Music]
you know
I don't know yeah I mean I guess it will
be okay later in the season I think
it'll definitely improve like early in
the season you guys don't really know
what the teams are about yet so they're
kind of difficult to make any
predictions so I think it'll get better
yeah yeah - I will say wait you have to
wrap it quickly because we will have
given to Messi on the wrong throughout
the thing but if you just drag them and
throw them in the waiting room the next
call this is my this is my life guys
yeah but if you want to give a final
point say the second point is on the
post games because I just wanted to
address that you know when it comes to
surface he feels stuff again that's
exactly what we're trying to combat and
I recognize that we're not a hundred
percent of the way there right where
were five percent we took a solid five
percent chunk out of it here in two
weeks and we got 95% of the way to go
but to Mark's point a lot of that stuff
in order to do it cleanly and coherently
requires elements to come along with it
and so it doesn't help us to sit here as
three talking heads and say they should
remember remember at 17:30
when they had three people bottom and
there was a jungler who took the blast
cone and that pink ward caught him and
so they knew the thing and they counter
ganked and if you remember that what the
I do instead was this right and so I a
hundred percent agree on the ID the main
goal or one of the main goals for the
bestest year is combating that surface
you feel but a lot of that will it'll
come in incrementally as we get elements
if we get this giant blow up mini map
where we can put icons on them and move
them around and say hey this macro move
they should have moved from this part of
the map to this part of the map and it
can change really eloquently and cleanly
so that you understand it
hundred-percent we're gonna do a
segments man I'm right there with you
well thank you so much the King Lawler
for the Colin and hopefully and you've
definitely got him - revved up
ah yeah thanks again for this up have a
good one you too alright so as we are
okay we it's so J sub thank you to them
jinda cat ice orbs who says two months
let's go - is trimmed up so good
Congrats my ps3 subbed for three
monsters hi - sir cattle subbed hook
subbed mark is still up there there we
go
and lasagna was a confusion someone
disappeared in the middle of it no no
it's fine
and right now we're joined by Matt Jim
or where you calling from Matt hey guys
I'm going from college Parkman
sorry you cut out there the end yeah
College Park Maryland ok Maryland
Thanks thank you I called out your name
earlier as well so thank you for the sub
what did you want to talk about on
hotline - oh I want to talk about the
analyst desk again um I'm actually a big
stock guy so I enjoy the analyst desk
but I think sometimes when you guys do
your analysis kind of like the very
narrow scope you kind of sometimes
category people using some cliches and
it's a lot of inconsistencies like I
guess a good example was when you guys
talk about optic gaming preseason the
phrase I hear a lot was like you know
you know it's a team some good players
but it doesn't quite make sense but then
we're talking about Echo Park you're
saying oh they're a very volatile team
but you don't talk about the fact you
know when you look at them they do make
a lot of sense right where you have
honey who is on the screen top laners
and he had our dog who is known for
eating his top layer a lot and Adrian
also that core is very safe botlane
inconsistencies in those respects that
make sense I would say I think those
word talking points that we hit maybe
not specifically on the analyst desk and
I don't know how Jack feels but
personally for me sometimes it becomes a
bit of a blur of where I've said what
like between was it a YouTube video was
it on this show did I say it on the
analyst desk and I think I at some point
mentioned how like the the team of echo
Fox makes sense it was just that the
whole
supposedly a hundred percent of these
players have basically had complaints
about their attitude at some point other
than maybe all tech so I think that's
where the complaints come from but I
think the idea of kind of stereotyping
teams isn't necessarily a bad idea if
it's done carefully where it's like this
team is the like teamwork and friendship
team of CLG you know that like that was
a narrative that got pushed for a large
portion like I think the idea of
archetypes make it easily digestible and
as long as you're not like disingenuous
yes it will lose some of the like
accuracy because you are kind of trying
to fit them into a mold so people can
understand what that seems about if they
don't watch all the time man I want to
make sure that you had a chance to
finish your thought I don't know if you
were you were completely done so you
were saying that on the analyst desk you
feel sometimes like there's a little bit
of stereotyping with teams did you have
anything else you wanted to add to that
or was that sort of your main point I
mean that's basically it and I was I
think sometimes that gets in the way of
analysis and I see what you're saying
work and yes like we were trying to sell
a narrative you know the Harmony people
are in twitch chat it's a lot easier if
you can say this team is you know the
fiery but volatile team and this team is
you know the teamwork team it's your G's
case but I think a lot of times it does
come to the sacrifice of you know
legitimate analysis and I think it is in
confound I guess that's if I wanted to
ask a question you know the question is
where do you think you guys draw the
line between actual analysis and selling
a narrative - this guy's a sub so if you
can just keep it a slow simmer instead
of a roast that would be I don't know
why everyone thinks I'm roasting
everyone are tick youlet points are
synonymous with blame blame yeah so I
guess uh let me first acknowledge that
hey if there are inconsistencies on the
desk that's a bad thing right we don't
want inconsistency when it comes to
terminology or colloquialisms or cliches
or archetypes and things like that
and so hey if we are being inconsistent
call us out and
we're gonna make every effort to change
that because I'm going to contest your
second point which is is that archetypes
and stereotypes are bad I I fervently
disagree with that especially when it
comes to sports and analysis because you
have to understand a few things here
which is one our audience is
understanding of the game the teams and
the sport varies and it varies on a
scale that you cannot even imagine right
we've got everyone from the grandpa
who's like you know 12 year old
grandchild is dragging him in front of
the computer saying watch this thing
it's so cool
who doesn't understand you know it
doesn't even know what he's looking at
to the literal ex-pro who's now watching
na LCS on his spare time and understands
the game at a far greater degree than I
do but how can we make this watchable
for everybody within that spectrum the
only way we can do that is is by making
those generalizations I'll put it in air
quotes those stereotypes and those
archetypes that we can refer to that we
can buck it and we can reference and I
think that's beyond that archetypes hey
the word comes from narrative and
storytelling it plays exactly the role
it needs to when it comes to building up
the story of a league and a season which
is that hey if you've got the guys who
are crushing you know the perennial
powerhouses in TSM that's what they're
known as they're the biggest brand in
North American League of Legends they're
the team that owns na that's at an
archetype that's a generalization but
the fact that we call them that makes it
that much more egregious that they're
one in three right now people wouldn't
be in flames people wouldn't be you know
up in arms pitchforks ready if TSM was
you know wasn't called that if we didn't
have the expectations set because of
this cookie ilysm this generalization
then no one would give a shit that
they're not playing well and so when we
look at Equifax we say this is the team
that's waiting to implode guess what
everyone's watching waiting for them to
implode but if they don't it's a good
story because they're they're destroying
everyone
or defying everyone's expectations and
if they do it's a good story because hey
it aligns with what we've said and that
that's the thing that we need to find
for all the teams so so but so back to
your original point if we haven't found
that thing for each of the ten teams or
if we're being inconsistent in the way
that we're telling the stories or
referring to each of these ten teams
that's something that we need to
approach and adjust so that the you know
the trickle-down the following
storylines of the remaining nine weeks
fall into place and make sense - to you
you and I can say this over to mark as
well
sorry man I'll turn to you in just a
second but just off the heels of what -
was - saying do you guys worry then ever
you you paint teams into a corner right
like what if I go Fox is not going to
explode but you guys keep pushing the
narrative like these guys are gonna
explode these guys are gonna explode and
at a certain point in time you've you
it's like well the the narrative there
needs to evolve or whatever how do you
determine how long to stay on sort of a
certain quantification of a team or or
how you decide that this team with their
team story is before you try to find
like what is the next part of this or
maybe we were wrong all along with the
way that we looked at this team I know
there was a hard and fast answer but
I'll let mark attest to it we talk
constantly about what we've done we do
it in the immediacy of the segments like
we'll come off the air and say how was
that did we do we hit our goals do we
act you know accurately represent the
teams we do it in post show meetings and
then we do it following hour Monday
Tuesday off tomorrow we're gonna be back
in the office Thursday we're gonna have
a meeting we're checking each other I
wish there was a hard and fast rule
where we could say every four weeks we
you know make sure that the storylines
still aligned and we everything back
into a blender that's not the case but
we have to be our best police and that
definitely is a concern I would say yeah
my concern would be like if we've ever
painted a narrative that we couldn't as
the reality shifted shift with it then
we've probably fucked up at some point
like we undoubtedly have in the past
we're not without mistake but I think
for as many that we've fucked up we've
probably had as many where we've pivoted
correctly who said
we've been pushing this storyline for
like an entire split now are we sure
this is really still the identity of
that team no okay let's change it
what's the identity now example like
everyone keeps saying wait for the other
foot to drop wait for the other foot to
drop if they go 18 - no the story is
like the foot never dropped if they lose
and they keep doing fine it's like yeah
the foot dropped and they had a - a week
but they bounced back and like they're
fine and I think I think hopefully you
know week we can accurately follow each
team's narratives though like it is very
hard to track ten people with or ten
teams with five players and interviews
and coaching staffs and sometimes you
lose some important details any final
thoughts and I want to have you spend or
spend - on another tangent but if yeah I
don't think that you have to risk you
know I think you have to give up the
narrative I think you mean to make sure
you're also some additional effect with
the narrative I think you need to be
creating an accurate portrait and for
instance with CEO Jesus now I think -
said a little bit ago that you know
darshan is the only good player right
which I mean yes he's the only one who's
playing good and laning phase right now
I think he actually like to correct
myself you said that darshan was the
only one who's playing good right now
yes he's always playing good laning
phase right now but then there's a
couple games where he got these big
leads and didn't do anything with them
right I think that's equally bad so we
kind of steering - you know right well
we can debate the point about getting
leads and not doing anything with him I
know mark 0.2 one of those games as we
got darshan a huge lead and then the
team threw his lead for him like I don't
know they need to support his lead in
the top lane and they just decided to
start running it by and like handing
kills back over so we could debate the
micro points but I think - like to that
final point the point of the analyst
desk and narrative storytelling is to
generate discussion and a lot of ways a
lot of times the only way you do that is
by indexing slightly over the line in
terms of like representing opinions and
ideas in a lot of cases would you want
mark or jatt to not take
hardline stances on teams and do a very
vanilla right take on a segment and be
very accurate - well let's beat let's
not put this adjective to that player
because we've got to be careful that
they don't become you know pigeon-holed
into that adjective of a player no he'll
know half of what's fun about sports is
when people make that's why we have the
overreaction segment when you make wild
conclusions based on a performance of a
guy this dude's now a top 3 you know top
laner in the North American else yes and
then and then you follow up on it I
think I think what's wrong is if you
don't follow up on it and find out like
oh we were totally wrong and deeming him
that are bad like will will eat that and
I think you're gonna find that over the
course of the year is that like when
we're wrong we're gonna admit that we're
wrong or we're gonna make fun of each
other the coin being owned 5 I know it's
an inanimate object but like I'll do
that to Jack if that's Owen 5 I swear to
god I'll go yeah yeah yeah like we're
constantly trying to rib each other
about like our mess-ups and stuff like
me thinking echo fox was gonna be bad is
something that definitely should be held
over my head
yeah dude fox going i mean we're like oh
you're Topa no fox going already and now
you know we're giving shit to jack for
the CLG you know first place prediction
and we'll keep going on those things
definitely hold us accountable though
yeah and what's get everybody do like
the endless dusk i think that is the
advantage of having you know three
people on it right is that one of you
guys can be giving the pot take and the
other two can be you know well actually
blah blah blah yeah and the thing is the
hot take might not really be a hot take
it might just be what i think which is
not common sentiment you know that
doesn't mean that that's backed right
yeah none of what these guys say is
necessarily fact and then that's that's
the one that's one important thing to
remember and they don't even necessarily
present it like it's fact all the time
they might present it very fervently and
you know stoic Li and like confidently
but that's because it's their opinion
and then we can make fun of them and
debate them til the cows come home
hey thank you so much for calling in I
really appreciate it chefs thank you all
right we are gonna grab another color in
just a second but I'm trying to remember
where I was before on this
so school's got quite a few I flow has
soaked fern seven seven eight baby
kangaroos what a great name reg floss
Rex Volks lol reset for five months with
the description yeah it's just it's a
great one and sponge has researched and
the naked homeless man has gifted a sub
- right - congratulations - a naked you
can open up the chat on the broadcast
yeah great we have our next caller here
and in just a second I'm going to ask
him what he wants to talk about but
really quickly twitch chat you want to
have a positive environment here I don't
mind if you guys want to give the cars a
bit of ribbing but it's not like all-out
brawl between us versus the caller where
you expect you know you're not here for
blood
alright just it might be silver dip but
it's not gonna happen here other thing
real quick guys don't post multiple
topics in the in the thing you post your
topic if you want to spam it a little
bit I understand you need to like kind
of keep it refreshed so I can see it but
don't post like four different topics
cuz I'm trying to I'm trying though it's
hard to like put in things and have some
pacing so it's not ten analysts desk
callers in a row but if you guys keep
changing what you're talking about I
have no idea what the hell I pulled you
for anymore and you don't know either I
don't know I'm sure you had one topic
and that that or that Marcus not calling
you out right now what do you want to
avoid were you from from Providence
Rhode Island problem island that was
actually my first league of legends
event that I ever ever worked at was in
Providence Rhode Island MLG Pro yeah
what did you want to chat about I was
here to talk about
Dhar dock and the dock narrative the
dock okay what about it I'm excited I
just feel like Dhar dock has gotten done
like in sort of like the public
perception
sorry it's like you know sorry was I too
cool we lost you for a moment yeah you
said you said Doc's done the public
perception that we didn't hear anything
I said I felt like Derek got done kind
of dirty in the public perception how so
I feel that sort of relative to
especially in like more conventional
sports guy go in and he like has some
like attitude problems especially
someone is like I like I think Derek's
like just the craziest player ever like
I think he is such an insane town
especially for North America I just feel
like I don't know I just feel like
people were really quick to come to like
really harsh judgments on him even
beginning with just like his liquid days
when did our doctor in the league
mark spring 2016 dom played the first
game didn't like it doc subbed in 2nd
game week 1 okay this is starter after
that spring 2016 so spring summer spring
2017 spring or summer - wants to know
what teams
he's been on I'm just saying that we've
got you've got two years you know I'm at
the professional level understanding
these kids are young but two years in a
professional level of any other sport
people would be going so much harder on
this kid are you kidding me if he had
attitude problems if things are going
the way they're going if he's ripping
teams apart and dragging him down and
whatnot and that's the public opinion I
truly think that he would be be trashed
even harder and I think rightfully so
because you're on a you have a platform
you've been gifted a platform and if you
know and a brand and a status and and
with that comes the expectation again
similar thing with bjergsen the bjergsen
didn't live up to a lot of expectations
as he was the rising star he wouldn't be
the guy he is that is getting the
criticism now in week one the criticism
in week one right that he's getting
where his brand and his and his
individuality is like his persona is so
great has been built up to be what it is
that there's an expectation that goes
along with it also I would just say that
I pretty sure doc not even pretty sure I
know da Rock plays into it
well he's acting against it now right
like well yes and no again that's what I
mean by like that unifying that unifying
thing where it's like they in that Mic
Check hey if we were that close as
closest to you Sam we'd all be fist
fighting right now they're playing into
it that's true but I think he says that
sarcastically right because when I feel
like with the interviews that I've done
with him so far he is very much trying
to assert like yeah I have anger
problems but I'm like a good person you
can ask people you know these he's kind
of said that across both of the
interviews that I've done with them and
then even I think the echo Fox president
Jeffries has said that you know like
yeah they have some of these guys have
issues in-game but they are all really
good guys so I get that they're playing
it a little bit but I would push back a
bit that he's like embracing it because
I feel like he is at least whenever I
tell you I'm trying to recover some of
that hey I just want into that capture I
was gonna say the reason that people
don't give him the benefit of the doubt
when he says that stuff is because
that's exactly what happened with the
mortals when they signed to a three-year
contract and they said they believed in
him and then he was so bad that they
kicked him through one split okay his
people bring that up a lot and to
Immortals he thought he was gonna be
playing with whom he thought he was
gonna be playing with one of the best
top laners in the world oh I don't care
what you think yeah that's so common
that doesn't justify being a douche from
to use crude language from that point
forward you're in a professional
environment this is what I mean this is
what I mean when there's I don't I
recognize they're young
I recognize they're young and I you know
I am I empathize with that fact and I've
done many stupid
things in my life but when you have a
platform and when you are paid the
amount that you're paid to do a job
understand this is a job you sign a
contract just like I signed a contract
to be a caster just like I signed a
contract to be a bartender you know way
back in the day I show up when I do my
job and so he may have had one
expectation and may hey be things don't
the chips don't fall the way you expect
that doesn't give you carte blanche to
just start acting the way you want and
then use it and then excuse or justify
it out later because of that thing I'm
with you if we were going as hard as we
are at six months into his career I'd
say maybe we have an issue it's been two
and a half years and every team that
he's gotten on or has been on has either
removed him has cited some kind of you
know - you know issues when it comes to
communication or teamwork and those
kinds of things it's a story that seems
to be to some degree although I
recognize Travis's point in that like he
does do his point in combating it but
that's because I think that a hundred
percent toxicity isn't like is not
necessarily a brand that's sustainable
in pro sports but 80 percent tox
toxicity I'm again I'm using crude
language is as long as you have those
redeeming factors but I think even the
toxicity is kind of overblown
because if you look at Team Liquid or
it's not what I just thought work okay
I'm just gonna I'm not saying
necessarily and or at least from the pro
side what people intend when they say
buy it but how people interpret it
because on Team Liquid even Dom said the
reason they or one of the reasons that
he wanted to stop playing was because it
was to work with piglet and then you go
to so I'm I you could go more into that
and people underperforming and all this
and that but just that I think people
don't take that into account when they
talk about his time on liquid then you
go to immortals you thought he was gonna
be playing with at least mostly English
I'm gonna chime in sorry sorry sorry
this is what's called mitigating factors
and like
situation is perfect and he has had
almost universally regarded as the worst
attitude since he has joined the league
pretty much so like every team has
problems every team if you want to look
at their players can see like oh I
didn't like this and that but why is he
not held to a standard that like
everyone else is in your mind but - but
- - point there nice look no it's fine
whether or not you look I agree mark
with you that dar talk in in - that even
in shitty situations you shouldn't act
shitty because you're only making it
worse that's not a good situation but
what it can do is have spawn a bit of a
conversation around when I interviewed
our doc this weekend he said that in the
past he's always felt like an outsider
joining every team because he comes in
and he starts playing and then
everybody's like whoa because his
reputation has preceded him which makes
a lot of sense but with echovox he
doesn't feel that way and what is
interesting to me to see is if you take
I'm Moya's point which is that he's not
in been in ideal environments and then
that has been a contributing factor to
his situation I'm very curious if a
different environment in like echo Fox
what she seems to feel differently about
than the past teams he's on is going to
lead him to better success I know it's a
bit of a tangent but it's like instead
of just focusing on how shitty he's been
in the past sort of looking at you know
what how do we get this guy out of this
situation I think is an inner sack
that's that's fair like I don't think
James or I want him to fail or and like
I've said multiple I've always defended
them as a person I've always said doc is
not a bad person and like in that
interview I agree with that everything
he said there he has anger problems he
he can't control his emotions I've never
said he's a bad teammate
outside the game and like talking like
shitting on his teammates and like being
manipulative or anything like that I've
never I've never said that but what I've
always said and I will maintain is that
he is very articulate and he can express
how these situations make him feel very
well and it makes it very relatable to
people but it never excuses it in my
mind and so like I watched
in in scrims before playoffs on bad
champions and then complain about it to
everyone like I I have personal
experience watching this and and I don't
think I've ever seen anyone do that and
then you know so like I said I want
Derek to succeed I hold nothing against
him but his reputation has been earned
explicitly through his actions so here
right here let's let's pivot the
conversation to the way that we can ramp
it up which is at what point do we all
think and I'm very curious about Mario's
opinion on this as well do we all think
that like Doc has not not to steal a
Tyler one meme but when is he reformed
women can we feel like he's reformed is
it when he's on echo fox the whole year
is it when we hear nothing but good
things going into week nine about how
he's behaved I'm just kind of curious on
your guys's take on win we were just
talking about narratives for the analyst
desk at one point in time do you guys
feel you have to pivot that narrative I
would say you know a combination of
those things anytime that you want to
have people redefine your perception of
them you need to prove it and not just
in the good moments but in the bad
so if echo fox is 18 and 1 and there's
no complaints that does less - you know
sway my opinion then if they go ten and
eight and everyone still says no he's
been great you know and I'll take I'll
take people's word for it I mean I
haven't been as close to him as I had
when he was on Team Liquid and I've I
was relatively close to certain members
on the other organizations but you know
if the people there say you know he's
great then like I'll take their word for
it but two weeks is not enough and I
don't think you know oh wait am I might
be a little tougher to convince than
even mark I would say at least a split
if not a full year and again I I draw a
lot of comparisons and analogies to
traditional sports which is that like
dar doc has a history on multiple
organizations of not succeeding for a
very specific reason so to Mark's point
the narrative is deserved
a current narrative in my opinion is
very much deserved to combat that
narrative to a two-year built narrative
I don't think
we can do that in two weeks I think
that's unfair to say Oh up to two weeks
of good you know let's four go ahead and
forgive everything that was and pretend
like it didn't happen in the world has
changed but with a level of consistency
hey a split in echo Fox finishes top
four in the North American LCS having
lost a few times but recovering and
performing strong to the playoffs then
yeah I think we should be coming in to
the summer split or coming out of the
spring split talking about how maybe the
doc issues personality issues are a
thing of the past a hundred percent we
should be willing to change the
narrative but to cut the historical
context of this player to what is
currently happening doesn't match up in
a way that allows me to you know to drop
the storyline of this is a guy who's who
you got a handle with care' he's
volatile and he could I think he's one
of the best junglers we got and I'm with
mark I want to see this guy succeed his
zach has been one of the dirtiest things
I've seen so far this split trust me I
want this guy to succeed I also love
that he's kind of a bad boy you know
like we need more of those in the lip oh
yeah we need double lifts we need our
docks
I want trash talkers like I think that's
a good thing just why don't you give a
negative a slightly negative persona or
narrative to a player doesn't mean it's
a bad thing man work that brand to play
that character
we need villains we need villains let's
go if he wants to shit talk everybody in
the league and even like his own team to
an extent that's fine it's just like
behind the scenes when you have no
reason to do that is right well we're
there now I'm oh yeah we'll we'll get
you well let you close out your call
here when when do you think that yeah I
know you already feel like some of us on
the surface but when would you say doc
is reformed I think I would be very
surprised if he had any issue this year
on echo Fox now these with what's a
Jared Jeffries who was the president of
operate yeah and I used with Jared
Jeffries not he's with people from a
traditional sports infrastructure
cool I you think it'd be fair though to
wait till the end of the split - kind of
like determine whether or not we should
drop the narrative though because just
because he's in an org that you have
confidence in doesn't mean they'll
succeed in reforming him right yeah I
wasn't talking about this from an like
analyst desk perspective I was from like
an individual perspective just gotcha
I'm not saying you guys should stop
questioning his character or whatever on
the analyst desk but I was more
referring to on Reddit and individuals
that I interact right well I mean look
you're gonna get that kind of shit just
because that's the internet and if
people aren't are dog fans of course
they're gonna perpetuate that narrative
but I'm with you so far so good this
season he's on track to completely
hacking slashing that narrative to the
ground and building a new brand
thank you so much for coming on the show
really appreciate and you spawned a
really really good discussions hoping
we'd get a chance to talk about dog this
episode so thanks thank you man
all right thank you much okay about 45
minutes or so and we've only done about
three callers so far so I'm the worst
yeah restroom while you pull someone in
yeah there we go we will get through a
couple calls while you're in there oh
yeah my only final thing I'll say is
most seams have had professional sports
psychologists and people who have very
good reputations for a large period of
time just just so people know like most
most these teams have had sports
psychologists yeah I am I'm all alone
now mark left me well it's a great time
to give a shout to all the folks who are
goofs up Thank You Tyler Kay for 350
donations says hashtag get em - all day
ere day has subbed stick man stick manna
LV has subbed science donated three
dollars and sixteen cents this is how
much money you have to donate to have -
come back resist on pulse has subbed the
real slimy Slim Sammy has subbed and
Mahalo has subbed and then I I would
just say while we're waiting for - to
get back guys callers come in
we're gonna sometimes disagree with them
the only and I I don't mind if people
say like next or tease the collars and
razz them in the call and the chat but
I'd request it if the mods see anybody
you know saying anything mean about the
collars or using angry language that's
that's when they probably go to timeout
also 77 hockey saying - is talking this
much now she doesn't get as much chance
on the desk
dad dad this is how - is it he's like
the gift of gab is with everyone the was
like is not what it's called for the
Irish people don't shut up yeah mitchum
I was on the show Mitch and we're you
calling from uh East Lansing Michigan
Michigan okay cool what did you want to
talk about uh I kinda wanted to discuss
ways to increase viewership for na LCS
beyond the product that is just like
delivered on Saturdays and Sundays sure
so what's a couple examples that you
have um so the first example I have
actually can transition directly from
the discussion that was just had with
dar doc is I think there needs to be and
by the way you you do a great job with
it putting out content throughout the
week with the interviews I love it sure
thank you anything I think there needs
to be more of that like it's established
maybe even kind of like the dive
hour-long broadcasts discussing various
things within the league like well
you're talking about is called a
shoulder content that's what I think a
lot of the terms that people use is its
you kind of have like the the prime
thing and then you have all this content
that kind of goes around at the shoulder
content yeah but but I'm kind of
surprised to hear sorry not to cut in
too much but before you move on the next
one or the next thing that you'd like to
see I'm surprised you feel that way
because
I just feel like there's so much content
already to split where not only are they
painting out things like this or that
and the dive and what is the docu-series
that just came to NALC Oh eyes on Ison
yeah but I was about that
yeah I feel like the eyes on Ceres go
watch it yeah its content yeah yeah I've
got my weird content on my channel so
I'm surprised I feel like on the
shoulder content we have that stuff we
have that stuff nailed down but you know
I do appreciate the idea that you'd like
to see more of it what other things
would you like to see sort of increase
the engagement for the broadcast um I
think that more support for fantasy LCS
to get people like actually invested in
players and watching games live would be
huge
I think it's been around for like I
think it's the third season now and I'd
at least to me it feels like support for
fantasy LCS has dwindled I don't I don't
think it even gets hardly mentioned like
on broadcasts except in maybe passing
yeah mention raises an interesting point
mark and dashes you guys are looking at
revisiting the ways that you do the
analyst desk I know world's one of the
fun things that you guys have is you
show off like people's brackets and
predictions and all that stuff and kind
of compare them is this something that
you guys have thought about bringing
back as you guys are showing off
predictions is kind of like fantasy
teams we're talking at all about that or
where do you see the placement because
it used to be part of PTL I think right
back in the day so yeah so at the
inception of fantasy there were a couple
or one or two fantasy segments that were
tied into PTL and the light
I can't talk too much about I can't talk
too much about fantasy from the
standpoint of like I just don't work on
that product so I can only kind of get
my opinion I can't tell you like what's
planned or anything like that but I
can't tell you that I know fantasy has
struggled but in large part due to
because due to the changes that the NA
LCS has incurred over the years right
if fantasy was incepted during best of
ones and then we changed the league to
best of threes and fantasy didn't
necessarily get updated to deal with
that and so a lot of resources were kind
of right when when all of a sudden we're
changing the league which is the more
important thing is to make sure the
league works we focus on that we didn't
necessarily bring so now we're going
back to best of ones I think there may
be you know some focus put back on on
fantasy I personally love fantasy sports
I play fantasy football I have certain
issues with fantasy league of Legends
which are related to the fact that
there's no determined game length but I
don't think I know for one the NALC has
broadcast is not the place to talk about
fantasy in terms of the live broadcast
right because that's it's just like it's
not it's not necessarily relevant to
wholly agree that like just like fantasy
football it's not something they're not
talking about during the day it is it is
something that is discussed in segments
leading up to game kickoff right but I'm
with you on hey I want to see more
league content because I always want to
see more lean content i I do follow
Travis from like hey there's a shit ton
of content this year and if you it might
just be that you're not finding all of
it which is totally fair cuz there's so
much of it between 10 teams and then a
10 teams in the EU plus riots production
plus all third party with ESPN Travis to
score all these third-party Travis
third-party so between all that there's
so much content so one I would just say
hey double-check yourself make sure
you're catching it all number two I'm
with you
I would love to see more of it number
three we're working on it again a lot
that a lot a lot of that comes from a
prioritization of how we delegate
resources it should get the first
priority is the leak Mitchell are you
realizing sorry - go I mentioned you
check I'm actually quite curious about
this you check reddit yeah yeah daily
okay yeah I mean I just feel like
there's a lot of stuff that goes up on
there so that's why I was like well do
you uh do you sub to youtube channels
often again sub - Travis I'm subbed to
you by the way I'm still waiting on that
lame game for the analyst desk I can
that I put it up I put my script up on
patreon because I couldn't get a good as
I said in one of my tweets I couldn't
get a good compromise between brevity
and insight where's like if I wanted to
say everything I want to say make it
haven't make sense I need to sounds like
you just can't defend your hatred of
yourself that's what it is man winded it
to the tee yeah totally unfounded no I'm
with you in that I would love to see
more content happen more content will
come and hey as the sport grows and
people with interest like yourself
decide that hey that's something that
they wanted to produce themselves more
will flood the market I think from from
riot standpoint is so much of our focus
is quality over quantity and making sure
that when we release something it's
something that we're proud of and that
can sustain again and exist I'll use a
painful personal example all chat it is
not around anymore
a lot of resources went into that we
spent a long time workshopping and
planning and going through that and then
we went into it we didn't execute as
well as we thought we took another hit
like another round another go out at the
next year with another round of funding
still didn't necessarily hit the mark
for what we thought our goals were and
so weak and it we happily canned it
saying this wasn't good enough for what
we want it to be and let's refocus and
reapply the resources so again like I
think more of those shows will come but
we're just making sure that we're doing
the due diligence that when we present
them to you for the first time you're
like yes this is a thing that I want to
see stick around for 5 10 15 years isn't
gonna get canned and redone next year
thank you so much for your call dad
thank you for having me thank you did
please trying to see if there's anybody
else that I need to to bring in thank
you chat you were much more polite to
the individual that's what although
press f to pay respects to Josh my
roommate yes he's ripped he's in such a
sad place now just Chi is on the show
how's it going Chi
HFS I met Chad finals last year if you
remember me I remember you crying you
were that individual that came up and
said those things to me about my content
and you were really polite precisely yes
what did you watch or where you come
from
I mean Connecticut right now Connecticut
what did you - just growled at you I
don't know just north of New York I'm
getting it's a good thing the show's
wrapping in about 40 or so minutes cuz I
yeah I know - is losing it as the show
goes on what did you want to talk about
so I wanted to talk about like clg's
current position right now and what I
have like summed up their weaknesses -
and how I think they can improve as the
split goes on to go back towards uh
above fifth place and like playoff
contending team cool okay tell us what
Ceylonese do to fix them themselves okay
so blue bikes we happen to still be
friends since around 2016 or sigh so
back when they made our were arguably
the best that they've ever been I'm
pretty sure sorry being him like I just
started watching you for its then so
okay okay that's again yeah maybe I
whatever anyway um so one of the core
strengths that have been identified for
CLG over the past like ever I'm pretty
sure is you know they mostly put their
focus on teamwork and a lot of that
obviously went to a forum ooh and it was
really weird cuz
like the initial discussion of half row
being CLG I didn't see too much more
talk about it I like I saw some
obviously but like not as much as I'd
expect and I think the loss of a per
move is actually like really hurting CLG
in terms of communication and just
overall shock calling because I think
currently the each member of CLG is
individually trying to step up and help
fill some of that from his shoes and
it's not working too well there's a
certain couple place that you could see
in almost all their games where it just
seems like they're completely out of
cohesion like there's just one play in
the game versus clutch or reignover goes
for I think it was trying to D Ward or
invade or messing in the enemy jungle
somehow and he just gets completely
caught out and then who he tries to go
over there and save them I think he gets
out but he might have done I'm not
exactly sure but yeah just place like
that over and over again it just seems
like they're not all on one page I think
what's even more damning than that play
I think James fellers remembers this is
like there was a point where after
golden Guardians had thrown and CLG was
like back ahead and they were 1/3
wanting all three lanes were like super
far pushed up and like reignover was
doing gromp
not near any of them and it was just
like so clearly on different pages like
the most soloqueue moment like when you
see your G when you see any any it
should not even isolated the jungler
when you see any player doing a jungle
camp at like 37 minutes when you're
trying to push down an inhibitor it or
something I agree with you teamwork was
always the identity of that team this
actually ties into that earlier question
of like when do identities change and
hey maybe this split is where clg's
identity changes because we came in
saying they were the teamwork team a
firm who's gone that's who we attribute
a lot of that too but reignover has come
in and that's kind of been the storyline
that we've been focusing on is he's
supposed to be the one that's supposed
to have all this macro knowledge and
understanding and be able to help lead
the team along with say hey it's people
like who he and bio frost actually who
the Borg's been vocal about saying
he's actually a better communicator than
TSM let on that's kind of been our
focuses can these guys now you know
reconstruct the old CLG that was
attributed as you said to aphromoo and
the ability to play super well as five
not the case so far as we've seen one of
the things I said in the preseason was
that CLG was never a team about
individual upgrades and being
mechanically better than like they have
good players for sure but they were
never like the team that was about that
and it was weird to see them going for
individual upgrades where it's like one
of the big complaints about rain over at
Team Liquid that they had was that he
actually wasn't that vocal and he wasn't
a leader and then he's coming into a
team that just lost its leader and bio
frost is a mechanical upgrade over afro
but he was just on a team saying that
they didn't think he he communicated
enough and it was like I think a lot of
people kind of buy into CLG as as who
they are as an organization and I think
even at this point a lot of people are
holding out for them to turn it around
but those are really big concerns
because those are those are harder to
fix then and just like oh yeah I mean we
just got to figure out how we all
communicate it's like you ended up with
a bunch of players who we're not filling
the shoes of the people you were
replacing I need to come up with a
segment was just called the 60-second
switch because I want to while we're on
the topic of CLG but without taking more
than 60 seconds do you guys think
reignover is just bad without hooni
because this is a theory that I started
again that I just what I looked
immediately to see what marks are -
because I I am I am starting to worry
that this is the case because I I
thought about it again big when
reignover and who knee both told me that
they wanted to play again together and
before the start of the split who knee
was joking with me in an interview about
like Oh
reignover need wanted to play with me
again because he knows that he needs me
I'm actually starting to wonder like Lee
does reignover actually need honey well
I mean he wasn't so hot in Korea before
he came to Europe with him and then he
was great in Europe and na with him and
now he's not with him and things haven't
been going well and dar doc just joined
up with him and Hadar Doc's having a
career year resurgence weird
again correlation not necessarily
causation but at a certain point you got
to start looking at it to say okay is
this the only variable that's consistent
you know across all three samplings of
data and it's starting to look that way
again I think that it is very fair right
now to be criticizing reignover again
one of one of the bigger prospects when
it comes to free agency we knew that CLG
wanted this guy even a year earlier
couldn't necessarily lock him down now
they've got him a lot of teams had you
know been talking about how much he
could change or roster just by his game
knowledge and his jungle he's
understanding of jungle pathing and then
hey none of it's none of its come to
fruition so just to wrap up the
conversation kai I think you identified
that CLG he said in the past their
strength was based on you know sort of
the strength of their team as a whole
now they seem to be lacking that do you
have a solution
how does he'll do fix this um well
building into that like you said they
needed I guess this might be the split
where CLG change his identity and it's
gonna be really hard because they don't
have the strongest whole layers you
won't really see like darshan randomly
solo killing I mean even that game where
he was on Vlad versus the GP and got a
massively top you didn't see a solo kill
there I think it's oh I'll kill him he
did yeah there's a play where the rest
of his team was getting killed in the
bot lane so I think people miss it but
I'm pretty sure he solo killed the GP in
that situation yeah yeah I remember
you're talking about now yep it was it
was pretty comical well your point
remains strongest so layers I think one
of the games who he got so load by
Jensen vs. c9 and that was the big shock
I think that was more he was caught off
by the Cillian mid I don't think they
probably were too used to that but um a
lot of which is what I saw is like I
guess a chicken with no head in terms of
shock hauling you probably saw the 30 of
course saw the feminine pentakill versus
them or just look like they were all
running into Vince's ear and getting
absolutely wiped so just in terms of
shock hauling they just seemed so lost
and its really hindering their
to prove that they're good players and I
think a lot of people don't understand
that when just looking at the team from
like so you're your solutions value I
think you just reiterated the problem
but it sounds like yeah we just think
that the solution is to fix their
shotcalling issue yeah so you can find
um if they can get like proper filling
for the spot that afro had on the team I
think that they can get back to being a
pretty top to your team yeah and if not
then change their style in a way that
benefits less communication but trades
that offered something else they've been
just as important and to be fair all
those guys are pretty low like ego guys
like none of them have a reputation and
Antonis a good coach so they have all
the like the right setting to make those
changes and improve okay get too much of
an argument for us from any of us on
that idea so now we're all with you yeah
either way thanks for calling in
hopefully she'll she picks up otherwise
it might be time for you to find a new
team no I sealed you for life baby okay
there we go I like it fandom peace out
man cool let's see anyone else ape games
YouTube's have subbed resist impulses
trying to figure out how to get into the
sub status on discord you know it just
takes a twitch and discord synching to
make it happen so hopefully it happens
soon and we can get it get it going it
looks like we've got Tubb goat 69 on the
show tough go at 69 where you calling
from Orlando how you guys doing pretty
good pretty good
what did you want to talk about on the
show um I had more like desk related
questions again I'll keep it you know
relatively quick so you can get more
people in here um but basically I was
wondering if you guys kind of like had
an idea or cuz in traditional sports you
have mostly professional you know there
ain't professionalism at the desk but
and you know in league you kind of throw
some some good hot memes in there every
once in a while so I was wondering if
you guys were
you know what you would rather prefer a
completely professional desk or you want
it like joke around all the time or I'm
gonna predict somebody here is about to
say reference that inside the NBA show
with Shaq and everybody because I don't
think there's any way for people talk
about this topic without referencing
that show even though I don't watch it
mark is so excited about your question
tub that he got up and left
yeah but I just - what answer um is that
do you having it anything else you want
to add or you want me answer that now I
mean I mean I have a few other points so
go ahead but if you want to okay I think
it is in individual like it would be
individual to each person on the desk so
I'd be curious to know what marks
preferences I will always lean slightly
more professional you are pretty much
the most professional casters what I do
and yeah and I think that's twofold I
think one it's personal preference like
when I I that is just more of the show
that I would want to watch so obviously
I'm gonna do it more that way
but then it's to it and more importantly
though it is due to my role as the host
right which is like I have to keep the
show moving and I do have to do my best
in a lot of cases to make sure we're
hitting multiple sides of the story or
whatever but that said there's always a
time for a meme right I mean we did that
we did the League of stopwatches thing
on the daily this weekend just because
you know we have to meme our selves at a
certain point when is that absurd oh
yeah moving on what are your thoughts
about I mean
maybe doing the picking band phase at
the analyst desk rather than throwing it
over to the casters for that it's been
discussed and it's still on the table
there hasn't necessarily been a decision
made regarding yes we're gonna do it and
we're gonna do it on this day would you
feel on the table but not on the desk
Travis is on the table but not on the
desk
no a hundred percent we have considered
it I think there's a couple like there's
a couple things that go along with that
which is if the analyst desk is building
points around champion select and then
handing it to the people that are
charged with for the next X number of
minutes telling the story what happens
if we set up a story they don't
necessarily want to tell or wasn't in
their plan that they have propelling the
cast now they have to tell it right and
so sometimes those things can conflict
now ideally we're not all so misaligned
that you know that if I say one thing
the casters are like Jesus Christ
goddamn now I gotta talk about that and
justify the dumb statement he just made
no obviously it's never that that's it
never goes that far but like again let's
say we're looking at champs lectin what
jatt and Mark find really interesting is
the interaction of trades for bot lane
supports but really what is a LAN pastry
are looking at is the top lane matchup
but we spend the whole time talking
about pinching of those things well bond
we toss it to them and they're like well
what do we do now do we support their
story or do we just say forget
everything you just heard and listen to
this and so it's something we're talking
about it's something that I know we'd
like to try it's just a matter of
execution how do we do it in a way that
we think you know we would make it so
you'd be like yes do that again because
there was there was it was worthwhile oh
yeah I agree I feel like it'd be really
cool to watch or maybe you'll even just
see it happen one time see how that goes
but yeah and to the wind conditions
point I think if we were gonna do that
then we would probably like try and hold
win conditions and say hey now that
you've seen champs like now let's hear
when conditions and we would obviously
edit based on you know the changing you
know landscape of the narrative but but
it yeah it is something we're looking at
Marc we were talking about doing a
champs like form analyst Dawson saying
it some were looking at but not
necessarily something we're a hundred
percent doing on this day or that day we
gotta figure out how we do it and do it
well yeah I think that's that's
definitely the case there what we say
about the memes Pro memes yeah oh I said
I obviously index more professional but
it's individual right so like I'm the
one that's part because of my role as
the host as I need to be a little bit
more locked and professional but I
I try meme it up a little bit more like
if people saw the cheeseburger shit from
a world's planes like I wanted not do
that all the time but stuff like that
acapella singing yeah that wasn't a meme
view that was that wasn't me singing
what are you talking about um another
you know I don't know point to talk
about the last one all right so I'll
keep it quick do you guys take a lot of
uh you know can I don't know inspiration
I guess from you know conventional
sports des like my dad he's a
commentator for the Golf Channel and he
sometimes watches it or watches LCS when
I have it on and he is really impressed
with how professional and everything and
how you know good it looks and
everything wondering if you guys take
some well pass art thank you so long to
your father
and any note yes we definitely do again
Travis ed right there at the beginning
it's impossible to get through a
conversation about the ion steps without
probably comparing it to inside the NBA
because I think for most of us we look
at that as one of the more successful
desks in analyst tests in traditional
sports in terms of the identity and the
fun and the banter and the interactions
between the personalities on the desk
that's a lot of what we want to strive
for so we definitely do look into them
but we also challenge ourselves to hold
on to what is uniquely eSports again
mean culture is an art culture that's
not tradition that's not as much quartz
culture I mean that's internet culture
that was born out of the internet and it
has extended to traditional sports yes
we mean traditional sports players
constantly but like let's be real that's
for those of us who were on the internet
and playing game as well before any of
these you know people grabbed ahold of
memes and so that is why we go I think
that extra step
April Fool's we do crazy you know
broadcaster once while like we will
definitely look to do that kind of stuff
because we want to hold on to what makes
us uniquely gamers I just like it when -
pulls out his gun he's just got this
move that's like I want to go to you
like straight but you know it's like
make a Photoshop thing we're like - keep
shooting as analysts yeah I talked by
the dogs I with my hands
tub thank you so much for for coming on
the show marked with sorry what's that I
said it's been an honor thank you so
much yeah thank you and tell your dad to
keep watching LCS I was gonna say I I
just wanted to address something
attached really quickly while I was
thinking about it - I don't know how
carefully you are talking about this but
I thought it was really cool that you
talked about the csgo win from cloud 9
at major this past weekend I think a lot
of people you know they're I there's a
lot of people outside of the League of
Legends fan base in eSports that I think
it feels as though right is is super
competitive and I very much disagree
with this but like out to get other
eSports and so I think it was probably
surprising for a lot of people who who
saw like a call-out to an event that's
happening on another stream at that
moment do you I'm just kind of curious
if you have a back story behind how that
happened and I saw I think mark was the
one that tweeted that all the analysts
that desk was also watching the csgo
major while that was happening so any
any kind of backstory I think is kind of
fun to hear about that I mean I think
the back story well so first I'll just
the point which is like the kind of the
right time the right yeah the right is
that we're cautious company and I think
that that's I don't think that the
adrenaline the opinion of people is
necessarily unfair I do think we're more
cautious company than others in some
cases in terms of like how and where do
we engage with certain conversations but
whenever I'm in a meeting or a
conversation at riot when it comes to
eSports and talking to eSports
leadership and what you know the
direction of eSports and what is a what
is a good you know a good image or
picture of eSports in the future it
involves more than just us a healthy
eSports landscape is not just League of
Legends if it's just us then something's
gone terribly terribly wrong and so um
absolutely when once eSports exceeds so
do we
but with that the our caution like that
that idea of being cautionary that's
where we ask ourselves is it relevant to
the mo
and so the backstory there is as an
example if a hundred thieves had had one
we weren't gonna make that announcement
there because it was it didn't feel
proper to come out of a c9 loss to a
hundred thieves and immediately say hey
I know hundred thieves just one but like
let's talk about the c9 csgo team in
this Camino if it was an org that was
North American but wasn't in leak we
also probably would not have made a
mention of it right because it doesn't
necessarily pertain to our viewers and
that's our biggest responsibility is to
our viewers before everyone else and so
again because a few things lined up and
were happily married and that it was c9
it was the first and a team winning a
major and you know it was like that's a
big story and it was coming off of their
game it ended up being a no-brainer so I
think it was ultimately an easier
decision then maybe the community
thought it was for us to make but we
were like why the hell not would we sell
one of our orgs you know doing this a
following the c9 game and yes we were
100% watching on marks phone actually on
the analyst desk we had the the game up
on the monitors like on the big monitors
and mark and I were hunched over the
desk just staring at his phone watching
that overtime and we were losing our
shit
yeah like literally screaming like when
they tied up the first OT and uh so nuts
yeah no no it's such a good series
what's interesting and this doesn't
really have any relevance what we were
just talking about was I was checking
like the viewership between the two
games as this fluctuated and it's cool
that like there are fans of both games
so like you know obviously that is one
of the biggest things going on in the
csgo calendar year they have like a
million people on the channel and we
were I think around 160 when that was
going on and then immediately after the
major ended they dropped down to like
400,000 if people like watching kind of
like the analyst desk wrap-up and stuff
and we went up to around 190 it was just
like you know a 30,000 people stopped
watching the csgo major moved over to
this it's like eSports fans are fans of
multiple games and so like you can kind
of service both Riot viewers and
understand that they're probably
watching other stuff too yeah that's
cool all right next caller
if you want to grow more oh yeah I'm
sorry no no it's cool I just think I
thought it was cool Korea to na has
subbed games with Charlie Rose a sub
young man has subbed as well and then
Justin P 14 during $10 and said hey
Travis mark just wanna thank you for the
show it's been great to watch string
away downtime at work keep with a great
working much love love you too - lol I
don't know why they ended it with a
lovey - - lol but you know clearly
doesn't love me I'm just going peopling
how do you pronounce that peopling it's
just peeling or Patrick Patrick all
right we'll go with Patrick where you
come from I'm from Cincinnati Ohio but
shut out - mark I actually grew up
around Boston a what town Marlborough
and sterling Needham my mom was was from
Worcester so she is that awful our
accent
Patrick what did you want to talk about
on the show today I think that yes our
team liquid has clear weaknesses and
they look good right now but they will
have more issues once like more of the
team's kind of develops energy and and I
feel like you know start to develop what
are they clear weaknesses force accuracy
I think that if you look across the map
in terms of their players I think that
their big issue that they're going to
encounter is that they can really only
play through bot lane and that's going
to conflict in terms of how oleh plays
as a support player and how IMT kind of
functions previously I was actually
going back and looking through I am T's
games and if you kind of look how they
operated Oleynik smithy would roam
together and get top lane fed and this
is kind of conflicting how with how
doublelift wants to play and how liquid
kind of needs to play like going forward
so it's gonna be interesting to kind of
see how all the adapts to that whether
he adapts to look to a more like Lane
dominant style which is only kind of
concerning because he seemed to have
champion pool issues like during the
ardent meta and during you know other
periods of time like with that
so Patrick oh sorry finishers that I was
just gonna say the other issue with it
is - is Lane was also the main carry it
with a Coco descent occasionally popping
off
so they were like more lane dominant
during that top lane carry meta and I
think that impact has issues that were
present and you know cloud 9 brought in
Ray because he couldn't play carry
champions so it'll be interesting to
kind of see like I guess how the team
fixes those issues later on because I
think right now it's fine because they
just have more pre-built synergy
compared to these other teams but I
think going forward is other teams
develop better macro and fit better
together I think there's gonna be
problems I have two thoughts on this one
I know I just wanna make sure Patrick is
aware of the Shake Shack prophecy no is
about this you to only you care it's
gonna come to fruition and I'll be right
James you don't know about this ok shake
shake prophecy goes like this I'll say
really really quickly when to shake
shack with Olien doublelift
Ollie's first time at Shake Shack
doublelift ordered for him they come
outside sit down and grit with the food
and all I realized it's deadlift did not
order him fries he wanted fries and then
and then Olay for the rest of the meal
kept bringing up the fact that he didn't
devil if didn't order and fries I think
it's a sign of communication issues its
energy issues to come we will send that
I've been surprised by the first couple
of weeks but I still think it's gonna
pop up and Patrick seems to agree with
me yeah hard to quote me there Dan said
Marco I feel free to use the Shake Shack
prophecy on the analyst desk if you need
mark I would go for it okay I was gonna
say one I agree that like this team
cannot be the same team that immortals
was last year they they'd like I think
they have to play different and I think
they've done a good job of doing that
for the most part but it's gonna be you
know a process where you that they're
gonna have to be able to pull this off
with the course of the whole split and
playoffs especially best of fives but
what's interesting is I would argue that
this is one of the worst metas for this
team because top line tanks are not
strong you see a lot of bruisers and
carries up there the bot lion is about
as unviable atty laz you can make it
with double targets and over heal and
all this garbage sustain and the vault
League on soon hopefully gone soon so
what I would argue is that this is a bad
metaphor teamliquid right now
on paper maybe not necessarily given
that the whole other all the other teams
don't have as much pre-built synergy and
whatnot but it is at least in my mind
not a good metaphor them but they're
doing all right in it I agree I think
that part of that is due to the fact
that they have really good map play
already compared to like a lot of other
teams I think the only other two teams
really right now that are contesting
that then with that would be echo fox
and maybe hundred thieves I just think
like going forward there might be issues
cuz unless impact is looking like
playoff impact like towards the end of
the split I think that they're going to
have more issues with like they're gonna
have issues against like the top I guess
I would say two or three teams
I still think they'll be good like I'm
not saying that they're not going to be
you know top four team I just think that
they're going to struggle more than I
think a lot of people are prophesizing
at this point in time I just think that
you know compared to I mean if you just
even look at - like IMT last season you
know during you know the meta when it
wasn't really toppling as toppling
focused as it was they didn't look
nearly as good and again like I know I'm
making comparisons of two completely
different teams and two completely
different organizations but you just
kind of like that's that's all we have
really to go off of other than you know
the first four games of the split which
since its best of one we really don't
have a lot of data to go off of from
that yeah I mean I'm with you on the bot
lane issue with TL which is that any
team in my opinion that has doublelift I
think has to be worried about falling
into a pattern where they live and die
by the bot lane so that that's probably
my largest concern for that squad going
forward but I agree a lot with with a
lot of what Mark said in terms of they
got a three in one score line in a meta
that most people would say shouldn't
suit them and at a time in the split
when most people weren't expecting them
to necessarily work as well as they
already are it seems and so so far
evidence is kind of countering a lot of
what I've had to say although you point
to the three games they've won and
doublelift has been
performing or ahead in most of them or
at least taking care of and a lot of
them their one loss they got kind of
dumpster door focused in the bottling so
I do think at that I think that concern
is the one I latched onto the most is
the bottle and concern for DL just in
terms of the focus and and the way they
play the game do you guys have any
concern over like delay like in terms of
like I guess adapting to a more lane
dominant style because I mean he really
excelled again when he was roaming you
know and getting ahead and you know top
lane or mid or just you know helping
Ward out with xmithie
so I'm just really curious like how
that's going to function I'm considering
that that's like can I reframe that
question to mark because mark I remember
one of your wind conditions you had said
that for Team Liquid it was going to be
expand with you know lay right jungle
support synergy was gonna be how they
would win games so you're it's kind of
aligning with his question like has your
perception changed since you made that
you know in condition granted it was a
matchup specific one condition but like
what's your opinion on that jungle
support duo it's hard to say because the
the shampoo complaints or concerns came
about because of worlds and it was it's
hard to translate that's the North
American stage cuz one you're not bought
laning with Cody Sun anymore so if the
meta forces you to play a protect your
ad carry you're protecting a better ad
carry and two you're not playing at
Worlds you're not playing fnatic and oh
my god I can't remember the Korean team
belongs you
you're not playing those guys you're
playing worse teams so will this be a
concern on the international stage if
the meta ends up with passive supports
again absolutely is the North Americans
concerned now that you have double lift
I don't know I would say probably not
yeah I mean I I think that they kind of
similarly have like the same issue that
I guess TSM kind of had last the past
couple splits is which is where they
dominated na just due to the fact that
they had you know superior players for
the most part obviously like there's
differences like IMT doesn't have York
sin or I would say even hon sir to some
extent I think cause or an impact are
pretty comparable but it's depending
upon what time for
you're comparing them throughout the
seasons I think it'll just be I don't
know I'm just interested to see like how
this team adapts I just think that they
they're probably gonna have issues
towards the middle of the split again as
they said I still think they'll end up
you know top three or four I just think
it's you know they're going to have to
resolve some of these problems yeah I
wouldn't be surprised to see this team
struggle but to me the VNA super team
right so now they got to the name seems
like echo fox is a super team Patrick
thank you so much for calling yep thank
you okay we've got a couple more people
here in just a moment we should be
ramping up any minute kaun kaun normally
mark pulls people but I pulled you
because what no you didn't I did I put
take credit this is the weirdest
attention grab I've ever seen oh I
definitely put him in the waiting room I
I did because I saw his what he saw I
thought you meant pulled right now I was
like what no no I put him in the waiting
room he's a twitch sub but I'd his his
comment con have you been on that you
were on the show before but remind me
where I'm pretty sure isn't I am from
Idaho Washington border okay
yeah you've been on three times just
it's my third time okay yes let's like
that alright so you have I saw what you
want to talk about you have you have so
a reckoning I think to bring to the show
all right well it's gonna leave stash
out but I'll fill a mint so the first
time I was on I was talking about how I
thought echo fox was gonna be a top team
and especially Travis Travis especially
mark a little bit was just laughing at a
lot of people in the beginning that the
notion that echo fox could be a good
team because they had so many people
there that just felt like like the team
was destined to just say did I love it
okay did I laugh at saying they could be
a good team or did I think you you
probably said that they were gonna be
like the best team right at the top yeah
I see it up there with TL yes yes so
some jokes about
echo fox TL final I think I remember
some jokes like that from Travis yeah I
also said at the time I said TSM
wouldn't make any finals and they'd miss
Forbes this year oh yeah yeah yeah yes
you knew you drove a lot of traffic to
my youtube channel
oh thank you for that I appreciate that
I think that was more what we made fun
of but yes you did predict the echo fox
thing yeah well I was also piggybacking
off of a guy right before me said echo
fox was gonna be really good too so yeah
yes
yes I did he was an early adopter for
sure so here you are now so what what
what do you say about all this stuff so
far
or what how do you feel right now well
one I'm feeling pretty good about the my
you know prediction I think what you're
see I think a lot of it is meta a little
bit though but I think the reason why
Fox is doing so well is just because
they have strong mid and top laners in
this meta and their bot lane with Adrian
on Apollo 8 it's really good at just not
losing Lane yeah so I would agree to the
extent the same way I just said that
like the meta was bad for TL it's very
much the same way it's good for mortals
excuse me echo Fox where it's a lot of
carries in the top lane which are pretty
viable hooni can smash other carries and
carry risk area matchups or can take GP
or whatever phoenix is I would say just
a solid laner all around so I don't I
don't think he's too meta dependent and
then the bot lane is one that like you
said does very well they don't lose too
hard sometimes they win and it's a
pretty stable bot lane so you play all
very top you sort of posa you said
Apollo Twitter if I said volatile maybe
I misspoke
I'll take Adrian yeah I'll take a tree
not very volatile I think is what I was
trying to say I met him but either way
jungler can stay topside for the most
part I'd be interested to see Derek's
jungle proximity to his bot Lane and the
thing is in this meta you won't get
punished that hard so we'll see if
things change and of course the attitude
is is that like I said that still kind
of catch-all for why you can be like oh
I don't think he'll be good because at
some point they're going
kill each other which I don't I don't
know well I think at this point I do
think there's a little bit I you know I
know
Travis kind of mocked the idea that
somebody like a red fox or professional
like somebody who's been in sports could
help changed our Hawks attitude at that
time but I do think having that in there
helps and I think Travis also we're
mocking the idea that a sports
psychologist could help tar doc I think
what and I don't know if this is
specifically what tribes was talking
about but it's definitely what I've been
talking about is that he's had sports
psychologists in sports like figures I
know I said was I don't think Rick Fox
is involved in the day-to-day of the
team and so I don't think that like the
narrative of Oh finally dart what doc
has been waiting for his whole LCS
career Rick Fox has shown up and we'll
tell him the secret to being great
teammate but I do actually conversely to
that I did say that Jared Jeffries you
know I did this interview with him and
he basically said that he didn't feel
like he he felt like he could handle any
of these players that were thrown at him
because he felt as though none of them
would be as bad as anything he'd seen in
the NBA which I was a good point I've
talked with Jared Jeffries a little bit
he did a ESL show that I was on at the
same time in he's he's really cool yeah
and he's like I love I love the fact
that Rick is getting a lot of attention
but I also I think that people are
sleeping on Jared Jeffries involvement
with that team I think he deserves some
attention too yeah but you also want to
touch upon the TSN part too because I
think that we're giving them a pass this
early because their new team but I think
they're on a lot worse levels than what
we want to give them credit for yeah I
mean I started kind of near the
beginning the show I think that it's
fair to criticize TSM in the context of
the NA LCS because again if you take the
bot lanes the bot lane from a from a
European LCS champion team and a bot
lane that has done has done some things
internationally right you're gonna add
that to Bjork Shane Han sir who have
previously won North American LCS as
many times they had
and then okay you put the kind of the
one unknown factor playerwise of my
Keung in there along with one of the top
coaches from last year
immortals yeah I agree with you I don't
really have an excuse for dropping as
many games as they already have in the
North American LCS I just think people
are drawn way too many conclusions we're
two weeks in and Worlds is gonna start
you know Worlds is September October
November time or whatever like come on
we wouldn't be doing this two weeks into
any other like two weeks into a football
split I don't think you like fire the
coach get rid of this guy do that thing
you know I don't think you should be at
all either I'm what I agree is more for
the spring split especially right so I
think I think you give them the entire
split let's see what happens when
they're done with the split I would
still expect them by the end of this
split to finish in playoff position
that's still my expectation even from
now is that this set of players with
this coach should be able to fix
whatever issues they have at least to
finish sixth and go to playoffs and then
I think the criticism can start rolling
in in summer if they're not shaping up
to be that world's caliber semi-final
you know group you know quarterfinals
let me let me find a cobble world's team
that's what I'm gonna start going in on
them for calling in really appreciate we
got two more callers to go but thanks
again thank you guys have a good night
yeah okay so we're at ten minute or ten
o'clock mark so we got to get through
these next two we're proud okay I'm just
gonna grab him right away
sure resist impulse he was doing
everything he could to get on the show
and he's here now where he called from
resist impulse I'm calling from Maryland
yeah you've been on the show previously
yes yeah the first episode yeah yeah
welcome back welcome back thank you
thank you I wanna thank you for posting
on YouTube that you're going live oh
thank you yes I've noticed that that
people seem to catch that there so I'm
happy that I can do yes thank you and
thank you Mark for liking my tweets the
terrible experience unless one
percenters have watching on a 21 by 9
monitor yeah it's rough so I had two
topics I don't know which one I was
pulled in for one is T some speed
when Reggie is a bad barrel maker
leagues clash system I think I don't
remember you put a donation you donated
and that's nice take your pick whatever
you think oh well they both revolve
around communication because I'm huge on
communication we're winding up down the
show resist yeah I mean you guys played
traditional sports yeah yeah yeah okay
honey
so when you're a kid and your parents
thirty on a you know soccer team right
you're not necessarily friends with all
those players right so that is leagues
clash systems biggest failure right
there they want you to be a premade and
if league wants to last for decades and
generations of players then they need to
stop refusing the invest in the
infrastructure that is vital to
traditional sports in the eSports scene
and that is communication and strangers
being for cellent team and learning
about you know how to operate within
that I'm a super competitive person
communication is my biggest strength and
without voice comms and without you know
a tiered or an organized structure like
you know think wreck games
sorry recreational leagues right then
there's like no barrier to entry or or
better system than the soul at you in
there all the time is it to like to the
topic Reggie's bad barrel maker I don't
know yeah I'm all I'm all for it so I
got opinions
I got opinions on opinions yeah you
can't pay James to not talk what I'll
say is I think you know I appreciate the
comparison but it is different obviously
and the big one is anonymity I always
mess that word up but I don't think
parents would sign their kids up to go
play with a bunch of randoms if there
was no accountability to who they were
and that they could swear and cuss
their kid mark that is the best point I
have heard today
so so yeah I understand you you weren't
going for a direct comparison but I
don't think parents would let their kids
do stuff yeah no that's a great point
I've run Facebook groups with thousands
of you know members and that is the
biggest issue when it comes to combating
hate speech and things like that is the
enmity that uh you know being online can
provide yeah I mean I don't personally
I'm just saying yeah you know Riot Games
takes the parental process a lot more
than I personally care I don't know
there used to be all these communities
where you could just go in and get
thrown on the team and there was
definitely you know issues with toxicity
and stuff like that but that gave you
the competitive outlet to be able to
leverage a really valuable skill at the
pro scene that isn't available to use in
soloqueue which is communication so the
first thing I want to just I want to
figure out is are you suggesting that
riot needs to do what are you suggesting
I guess what I'm getting out are you
suggesting that we need to do more we
need to create a peewee system a high
school system I think I'm saying what's
the what I kind of want to get what
you're suggesting acid I can look at it
from there
that kind of needs to be the end goal if
we want to compete with a long-lasting
generational you know process that the
traditional sports tab right but for now
we need to address it with our adults
that are playing really quickly by the
way do you know about super league
gaming resistant pulse yes and it's not
in my city I don't think last time I
checked
III checked on it a few times yeah it's
just an interesting topic because if
you're talking about building like a
system local system for people to
connect and play together and get better
that I think that's a an interesting
idea because because I'm a hundred
percent with you that that in order to
create a sustainable ecosystem for
eSports there needs to be a path to pro
and that that lived that literal phrase
there passed
is something you'll hear regurgitated by
eSport riot these borders out the ass
right but but it's because it means
something which is that which is that
like there needs to be when you're eight
years old and you aspire to be an
athlete when I aspired to be a soccer
player or a basketball player I had to
understand there had to be a clear path
or way of getting there steps to take
which is okay he be soccer then go to
competitive soccer then play high school
soccer from there I will go to you know
I'll get drafted to college or you know
or whatever I'll go to a college get a
you know a scholarship and then from
there go into the MLS right okay here's
a clear path to pro and I agree that
that needs to exist for for League of
Legends in but again I think that that's
something that has to come in
incrementally and only comes in when
there's need for it so when the
professional level gets to the point
where hey it's it is aspirational first
you need to create something that is
that is worthy of being aspired to right
so first we need to create and establish
a league in which you want to be a pro
now now that people want to be a pro
that it is reasonable to make a living
being a pro even a bottom end Pro cuz
that's important yes top and pro have
been making a fair amount of money for a
while but bottom end pros not so much
so again when I told my mom I wanted to
be an astronaut she said go for it you
know because she's all but when I told
mom I wanted to be in I wanted to be a
professional video game player when I
was 14 there's no such thing she would
have institutionalized me yeah but it's
it's part of culture now right like
you're bringing it backwards into a
matter no high school and I'm laying out
where we do a bigger cultural like you
know you're bringing it into a bigger
bigger cultural aspect right I'm just
trying to lay out where we are right so
do you follow my logic that where we are
right now is we finally created
something that is worthy of being
aspired to we have also now finally
gotten to a place where anyone who
reaches that level can consider
themselves successful and can live a
sustainable and reasonable lifestyle
okay now now we need to approach the
issue of how do we get people from
ever heard of League of Legends ever in
my life to actually plant being a pro
player and that comes from okay we've
got a tutorial that introduces you to
the game then normal games then we get
you into rank to deal with the
competitive element now what you're
talking about
hold up hold up hold up just follow my
logic so now we have we have the the
thing to be aspired to on one side and
we have and we have the game to the
level that we you can understand it
we've brought you up to this at least
this compatible competitive level of
solo queue now what you're what you're
getting at is the issue of is is how to
do this final bridge how to get from
here to here right how do I go from
being you know into the competitive
scene and wanting to become a pro
knowledgeable and into the game to
actually becoming a pro and I agree we
don't have the best solution for that
but that's where we are still making
strides and efforts towards okay we have
the collegiate system and in every year
more colleges more colleges join that
list every year more colleges hand out
scholarships if more colleges hand out
scholarships more parents are gonna be
willing to say hey you know what if you
want to go spend your hours invested in
this game and it's going to net you an
education or a future they're gonna be
willing to invest in their children as
soon as parents start investing in their
children at younger or earlier ages
that's when you're gonna see things like
community organized events that's where
you're gonna see community outreach and
things on this one the local level
throat on the community organized events
we slash it through way in what way when
you took away the RP rewards that it was
the the backbone the funding system for
the community alright sorry it's so
that's where I have to step back from
the conversational because I'm not a
part of that decision and don't have the
context as to why we made that decision
yeah but I would remind you that again
like at some point the company the you
know some point isn't responsible for
you making it from from being an LCS
member at some point some point people
have to take ownership over that and
that's up right
a coach I have a lesson every week with
my coach and - what do you what are you
guys doing from you know the desk to
push forward in our culture in the
league culture as players the importance
of hiring a coach to climb the soloqueue
ladder and things like that right if I
if I don't I don't know is that my job
yeah I was gonna say I don't I would not
pit it but before - the color and and -
this room has given to getting more and
more dramatic I think you it's fine for
you to raise the point of I I do think
one right has been investing in path Pro
I think khaleja is an example of that
I think partnering with something like
super league gaming to raise a champs is
there i I've been impressed with Big Ten
Network Big Ten Network just sign line
like that's huge right as soon as you
get collegiate investment all their
stuff follows I personally and I know
that I'm you know speak to this but I
can say don't think that the RP rewards
is the thing that really needs to be the
anchor for community competition because
I think that stuff is gonna exist
without it and from my understanding
that that thing was discontinued because
it became like this clusterfuck of you
know who scandals that came out where
it's like I deserve our P for this and
this it just became like a huge
maintenance issue as my guess for a buy
that went away so I'm not surprised by
that yeah I also don't know if - needs
to be telling the viewers that they need
to go hire our coach he's talking about
taking personal ownership over it and
I'm saying that I've taken personal
ownership because I'm 32 years old I
don't plan to you know make it pro but I
decided if I'm gonna spend my time in
this game as you know hobby or pastime
then I want to get good right and how do
you get good I played traditional sports
I played non-traditional sports and one
of the ways is a coach and if you piece
your discord link or you know mention
that you have a coach it's something
that's looked down upon in our community
and I think that you know vocal
community leaders like you guys have a
platform and an ability to
you know I'm not saying you need to
preach that everyone knows needs to go
get a coach but that it's not a bad
thing where I spent all the world
talking about how everyone should use
mobile it extent five their personal
strengths and weaknesses I used mobile
lytx I would argue that once again this
is potentially and I haven't been you
know harassed for saying I have a coach
but I believe that this is once again
one of those misdiagnosis I can't speak
tonight of the problem of the online
ecosystem and it's not that people are
making fun of you for having a coach
it's that they want to make fun of you
and that's what's different about you
and I think without going too far down
this rabbit hole people oftentimes just
they don't know anything about anyone
because it's all anonymous so if you say
something that's what they're gonna
attack about you and and I think that
represents itself in a lot of ways where
you started hearing about the problems
of like gender and those things crop up
as well going down that rabbit hole I
think if you make it known that you're
doing something that is not considered
like if it's not the complete status quo
and someone wants to get a rise out of
you that's what they're gonna attack I'm
gonna leave you with this which is that
I agree with you that again for the
sport to grow that an ecosystem needs to
exist where as a very young can I can
decide I want to do something and I can
understand how to achieve that thing yes
that is somewhere we need to get my
point is that I don't think 100% of the
responsibility falls on riot I'm at a
certain point we have to be able to
divorce ourselves from this idea that
riot has to lay out everything for us I
mean if I want to become a doctor a
basketball player whatever at some point
I got to just take my time to go outside
and shoot hoops my brother decided to do
that in high school I didn't he's a
better basketball player than me back to
life he took ownership over that and
he's a better basketball player but I'm
a better gamer because I spend my hours
playing games or is this thank you so
much for coming I'll show can I last
words you have ten seconds okay so
communication is really
and it starts with these efforts right
if we we have communication as a huge
issue in the you know LCS the NA LCS and
we're not starting earlier on the show
we've got one final caller maybe
communications not his strong huge I
agree but I think I'll you know again
it's just by simply putting in voice
chat or by meshing people together
that's not always the best solution to
and I'm I'm pro-choice chat by the way
I'm Dre include her in all right Kahlua
hello hello hi where are you calling
from
I'm calling from Los Angeles you are
welcome hello to fellow Angelino you are
our last caller for the night what did
you want to talk about I'm going to talk
about the environment of the c9 coaching
and specifically how that contrast to
TSM's coaching environment and how that
traditional sports how they have to
coach clonaid how it's similar to so go
ahead and give us your thesis statement
here and then wall we'll go through it
pretty quick yes so I mean I've been
seeing more and more through fence
interviews that uh the time in TSM was
pretty dysfunctional and how how them
still might have those problems in their
in their org and the coaches how like
how reapered is so laid back you know he
has conversations with the players
instead of just straight coaching them
yeah what are you gonna say well I I
guess we're just trying to get to the
crux of our is you just want to set up a
discussion comparing and contrasting the
two different environments
do you want to determine which one's
better do you have an opinion on which
uh which support staff or coaching style
is better yeah I I'm a seen on fan and I
definitely think c9s is better it's one
of the reasons I've stuck with c9
throughout all their or Brett all their
orgs and sorry throw all their
iterations of the team and whatnot I
think I also I think you can compare it
to in traditional sports how at the
highest level of traditional sports that
has to be a conversation between players
and coaches about bouncing ideas off of
each other and the coach essentially
will have the final say but it's it's a
conversation between players and coaches
not players and players you know I mean
I think that I think the conversation
around coaching in any sport is
incredibly interesting only because
again as a former athlete and fairly
competitive one I am a play or I'm a I'm
an athlete who responded very much to
like the hard-ass coach which I think a
lot of people don't right like so so
often you taught you here about like oh
I need the you know the coach who's
gonna be able to build his team up and
inspire or like you know work through
his I my college coach he just
constantly told me I was fat because I
couldn't get abs and and and would give
me crap for actually got really good at
basketball
I played James has a lot of life
experience to pull I know it's just it's
just like I so many of these answers go
back to like - is like though there was
that one time where the ice cream fell
off the cone I mean that's how I how I
that's how I approach issues as I have
to relate them to my myself right which
is like okay so I I competed at a high
level in running in college but my coach
was a total dick to me cuz he understood
that that's how I responded you know
that said when I look at the league
coaching ecosystem I I'm kind of with
you or I think that c9 in large part has
impressed me over
years with their organ the way that they
handle either conflict changing rosters
or attacking problems which is that I
rarely hear of you know animosity more
so you know people coming there's only a
couple maybe a couple of mark probably
knows of like the one or two instances
in the history of the art where I'm like
okay that was a personnel or Oh somebody
really got after somebody for it kind of
a thing but otherwise like that is one
of those orgs that I have a ton of
confidence in in the term in terms of
understanding their players and how
their players need to be coached which
is not something I think TSM does well
it doesn't mean that the coach is on TSM
couldn't be successful coaches it's just
that maybe they weren't applying the
right coaching techniques to the players
they have or to the situation you know
that was in front of them the one thing
I'd like to throw in here as well is
that League coaching is you know pretty
different than traditional sports
coaching because you are in such a
intimate environment that you really
don't see in other sports there is not
much of a separation between player and
coach and players have a much larger
voice than they will ever have on a real
team unless you're talking about like a
Tom Brady and even then bjergsen
probably has more say over anything than
Tom Brady ever did and we're talking
about the all-time greatest quarterback
I would reckon that's the case and I was
not talking to Bill Belichick whatever
this is getting off topic but the point
is that the environment that is fostered
is as much on the players as it is on
the coaches because those two things are
basically inseparable in my eyes so they
like you are a core group of five six
seven people out against the world and
there's a camaraderie in that but it's
also on all all seven of you to make
that work and so when spends talking
about those problems and the interviews
as far as I could tell he was talking
mostly about player problems and not
really coaching problems and yeah that's
a good point one of the things what are
the things to note is that like c9 have
had their player problems they've moved
the players to avoid those problems and
you're left with players like sneaky
like smoothy who are who are
unbelievably easy going from eligibles
on and off yeah by all accounts they are
not no one's ever said that these guys
are hard to work with
Jensen you've heard a little bit between
his junglers but that's mostly it and
then licorice is completely new and he
sounds like an eager young guy so I I
think it's it's the kind of thing where
you can't say something's coaching or
players it's it's it's both every single
time it's a symbiotic relationship right
again that's why it's so unique to the
player again my coach was a dick to me
but he couldn't be a dick to everybody
because he knew if he was a dick to that
guy that guy would get all in his head
and he get all defeated before he'd even
step on the track for a race but he knew
it would fuel me and make me mad and I'd
run faster because of it right also ask
mark I have lots of opinions around
coaching I have had a conversation with
mark around what I think should happen
when it comes to coaching but I have to
yield to the person who's actually spent
time in the system again I pull all of
my examples from traditional sports as
he just mentioned we are not traditional
sports there are differences so I like
to think in my ideal equate that hey if
I came in and applied this process or
this conversation I could resolve issues
within X Y or Z team it's probably not
the case but that's what kind of makes
you to fund theoretical discussion
yeah there's absolutely things that
apply as well but you know like just to
point out one of the biggest differences
is like there's no subs basically in the
LCS well on top teams you're never
getting subbed out on a good team really
you kind of just have to figure out a
solution that works you know it's never
like all right you overstepped your line
we're bringing somebody else in like
that's so it's a great solution I love
that solution I actually agree with
everything both of you guys just said
yeah it's complicated I guess colluded
is what I'm saying is it sounds like
that situation is one we're like I doubt
parth is as authoritative and as direct
with what he expects his reapered but
I'd also say it sounds like bjergsen
doublelift and Hahn sir are a lot more
opinionated than the c9 members yep a
hundred percent yeah but I also think
it's it's the coach's job to get that
mediation between the players and it's a
training goal to solve how that's
working out
Zana relationships in there and that's
where I say hey that's just a matter of
time again we're eight years into a
sport in order to be a coach you need so
what you're saying is the prerequisites
for a coach is someone who has a very
high level understanding of the game if
not in a lot of cases as much as a pro
if not more in some ways and that they
have to be able to look at more aspects
of the game not just certain microcosms
then they need to have interpersonal
skills so that they could deal with
these people management skills because
now they're in position of power as well
as just general life skills and hey
you're pulling from a pool of 21 year
olds with like two years professional
league of Legends experience and zero
years like adult life experience there's
just not a sizable enough pool right now
to say every team will have a good coach
but I agree with you a hundred percent
that is the coach's responsibility and
the mark of a good coach is one that
comes in and actually you know nails all
those bullet points there's maybe 20 you
know 30 40 percent of the coaches in
league right now I think are really
really top to your coaches and the rest
still have a lot of growth to do just
like every other aspect of the ecosystem
right now okay yeah thank you so much
for calling in Kalia we are well over
our time but I want to thank you so much
for the call okay
oh good night yeah see all right so
that's the show eyes thanks again - for
coming on I think you definitely made
any question on that which had very
intense intense discussion people
finally get to see what you're like
behind the scenes you know is this how
you are in meetings are you just like
wait what jet I think that the analyst
does should still be hosted by me - yeah
hold on I thought you'd have like spent
enough time Iran - to know these China
and stuff - I know this stuff I know
this because every now and then I that's
like for you just speaking for twitch
chat yes I was this first interview ever
and I think it's funny I've always known
this about that it's it is an
interesting situation where - who is
somebody who is very opinionated and
willing to like argue a point and really
go into discussion becomes is actually
like the host of something where he's
more about
all that stuff from everybody else so it
was always fun when he's given the
spotlight to sort of share his thoughts
on stuff but that's why I can't shut up
off air right I get it all out off air
so that when I'm on air I can like take
a step back and say fine I'll let them
you know home run the points and whatnot
mark as we're winding down anything that
you want to shout out anything you want
to say here at the end nope - what what
would you say to everybody I mean look
I've loved discussions we've had tonight
I would say to everyone even if we
disagreed on the topic I love the fact
that you were you know willing to come
in and question us and challenge us on
you know on the assumptions we've made
or what we've done so far in the split
continue to do that again the show is
made for you guys so obviously if we're
not hitting certain beats that you want
us to hit then we're failing at our jobs
but I want it to be an open discussion
and hopefully if this did some some
service and towards likes acknowledging
the fact that like we are open to
conversation if you reach out to us and
you're you know nice but not nice is the
wrong word what's the looking for it you
know I'm gonna work it you're not
abrasive and you're not a theatre I
guess you're not looking for conflict if
you're if conflict is not your goal but
you know like presenting an issue and
finding a solution is you can older I'm
open I'm open to if you're constructive
perfect there it is anyway yeah thank
you so much for everything we do
broadcast this usually your Mondays at
8:00 p.m. sometimes we have to bump it
over to a different days such as we did
today the vod's all go up on youtube.com
/ Travis cafard and the podcast version
we do release an audio version I always
forget to promote it it is available on
iTunes Google Play and other places like
that so thank you so much everyone for
watching thank you to all the subs tape
recording me and just a throw-in for
supporting the analysts desk Travis are
we the most popular League of Legends
podcasts or are we losing the beyond the
rift I've are they on iTunes I don't I
don't know what their audio numbers are
dad I mean I would assume that the riot
one dive dive is probably now sorta
euphoria more popular euphoria that is
classic that's easy
alright so this show if it's less
successful thanks everyone